3210.xml, 2 images. Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No convincing acute bony findings.
3458.xml, The lungs are clear. The heart pulmonary XXXX are normal. The pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal.
3512.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.
3809.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.
2196.xml, The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are degenerative changes of the spine noted.
867.xml, Heart size near top normal, bilateral hilar fullness nonspecific in appearance, mild aortic ectasia/tortuosity. Diaphragm flattening and relative apical lucencies suggestive of emphysema, XXXX and irregular interstitial markings, right greater than left. Prominent left epicardial fat XXXX, no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Atrial septal occluder artifact. Mild spine curvature.
1430.xml, Minimal patchy bibasilar airspace opacities, XXXX atelectasis or evolving pneumonia. The heart pulmonary XXXX appear normal. Is minimal blunting of the pleural spaces, XXXX XXXX effusions.
35.xml, The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. There is hyperexpansion of the lungs with flattening of the hemidiaphragms. There is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There multilevel degenerative changes of thoracic spine.
2346.xml, Cardiomegaly is present. The pulmonary vascularity appears within normal limits. Pacemaker is noted. Vascular calcification is seen. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is noted. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.
3060.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are grossly clear.
978.xml, The heart is again mildly enlarged. Mediastinal contours are stable. Changes of XXXX sternotomy and valvuloplasty are noted. Left subclavian ICD is unchanged in position. Lungs are mildly hypoinflated with blunted costophrenic XXXX suggesting small bilateral pleural effusions.
3391.xml, There are no focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary opacities. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. Stable left mid lung granuloma.
3742.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.
28.xml, Bilateral patchy pulmonary opacities noted. Interval improvement in left base consolidative opacity. Pulmonary vascular congestion again noted. Stable enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Stable left XXXX. No evidence of pneumothorax. No large pleural effusions.
2610.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Hyperexpanded lungs, without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. XXXX right upper lobe scarring/atelectasis. Aortic calcifications.
605.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Small nodular opacity left upper lobe may represent early infiltrate. The lungs are otherwise clear. There is no pleural effusion.
902.xml, The heart size of the limits of normal. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. There is a calcified granuloma right midlung and posterior costophrenic sulcus.
323.xml, The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Right lung calcified densities are unchanged from prior and indicate old granulomatous disease. Otherwise, the lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. Lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
277.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Mild biapical scarring is identified. There is a nodular density in the right midlung which is stable from prior studies and noted to represent a granuloma on XXXX of XXXX. However, additional foci in the right upper lung are questioned. There is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion.
1070.xml, There is abnormal separation of the right XXXX XXXX. This is age-indeterminate. Corticated bony density over the lateral aspect of the clavicle may reflect sequela of old remote XXXX. The cardia mediastinal silhouette, pulmonary vascular pattern are normal. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. No pulmonary edema . There is minimal endplate degenerative changes of the midthoracic spine. Partial obscuration retrosternal space due to overlying XXXX.
457.xml, There is a calcified granuloma left midlung. There is round density within the anterior segment of the right upper lobe. There are prominent interstitial opacities which may represent changes associated with fibrosis. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. anterior segment of upper lobe, rounded focal density. could be XXXX lung nodule.
1587.xml, PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within limits. Postoperative changes from spinal rods are demonstrated. There is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. Multiple colonic loops are demonstrated in the left upper quadrant. The lungs are clear bilaterally. Left humeral head is positioned anterior and inferior to the glenoid, concerning for anterior shoulder subluxation.
1213.xml, Frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. Normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways. No focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
2467.xml, Negative for cardiac enlargement. Negative for vascular congestion. There are several small circular opacities in the right upper lung, some of which are centrally lucent. Negative for bony abnormality.
202.xml, AP and lateral view of the chest.
2446.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. The aorta is tortuous, but the heart and mediastinum otherwise normal.
3555.xml, The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. Degenerative disease of multiple midthoracic vertebral bodies.
2815.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Granulomatous sequela are noted. The lungs are otherwise clear.
1642.xml, Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart size is normal with postoperative changes consistent with CABG. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
2315.xml, The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. There is calcified granuloma in the left lingula. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
2800.xml, Defibrillator XXXX is in stable position. The XXXX and soft tissue appear normal. The cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are normal. The aortic XXXX is on the left. The trachea is well seen and appears normal. The lungs are clear.
2343.xml, The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
2643.xml, The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
2710.xml, The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
1202.xml, The heart is large, and the pulmonary XXXX are engorged. No infiltrates.
2496.xml, There is stable marked cardiomegaly and mediastinal contour. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. The left chest pacemaker is unchanged from comparison exam with fractured proximal lateral XXXX and both XXXX tips overlying the right ventricle. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The visualized osseous structures appear intact.
3189.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are hypoinflated but grossly clear.
1595.xml, The heart is large. Lung volumes are XXXX. XXXX opacity persists in the right midlung. No focal infiltrates.
1341.xml, Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality. The distal tip of a right IJ dual-lumen central venous catheter is at the XXXX which junction.
2998.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No displaced rib fractures identified.
3837.xml, Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. Bony structures are intact.
681.xml, Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Right PICC line is in XXXX. The tip has moved into the left innominate vein. There has been interval development of several ill-defined focal opacities in the left and right mid lung zones. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.
2786.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
1586.xml, The cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No focal opacities. There is no large pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. There is XXXX deformities involving multiple vertebral bodies of the thoracic spine which appear stable compared to the previous exam.
1671.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, focal airspace consolidation.
1071.xml, The heart is normal in size. The pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. The patient is mildly rotated. No focal consolidations, pneumothorax or pleural effusions. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No acute displaced fractures.
2781.xml, Normal heart. Clear lungs. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Trachea is midline.
1120.xml, Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Low lung volumes with no significant airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
2770.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality.
278.xml, No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Heart size normal. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Nodular opacities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. Bony structures intact.
1358.xml, The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. There is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There are moderate degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. There are postsurgical clips in the right upper quadrant.
2075.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Normal XXXX.
3527.xml, Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
1055.xml, The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.
265.xml, Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
444.xml, The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
3498.xml, Chest. A minimally displaced fracture is present on right rib 4. The small amount of pleural fluid is XXXX deep to the fracture. No pleural air collection. Both lungs clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. Note XXXX of a levoscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine. Right shoulder. XXXX, soft tissues, and alignment are normal. Right humerus. XXXX and soft tissues are intact.
2843.xml, The heart is normal in size. There is right paratracheal density concerning for lymphadenopathy. There are patchy right upper lobe streaky opacities. The remainder of the lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion.
2680.xml, The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal.
2373.xml, Normal heart size. Dilated pulmonary arteries. Atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta. No focal airspace consolidation. Decreased biapical vascular markings with moderate hyperexpansion the lungs, consistent with obstructive pulmonary disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
1111.xml, Lordotic projection and large body habitus. Limited mediastinal evaluation. Severe cardiomegaly. No visualized pneumothorax. No large effusion or airspace disease. No fracture.
460.xml, The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta, unchanged
3410.xml, Lungs are hyperexpanded. No infiltrates or masses in the lungs. Heart size normal. No change calcified left hilar XXXX and left small granuloma.
3432.xml, Cardiomegaly is noted. No pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. There is perihilar prominence and interstitial opacification.
1129.xml, There is mild cardiomegaly. Pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. There are mild XXXX opacities bilaterally, favoring scar or atelectasis. The lungs are otherwise clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute, displaced rib fractures are demonstrated. Visualized vertebral body XXXX are grossly intact.
2861.xml, The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
657.xml, Heart is at the upper limits of normal size. Lungs are clear without focal infiltrates. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Normal pulmonary vascularity.
3595.xml, Stable cardiomegaly and mediastinal contour. Increased interstitial lung markings are seen, possibly due to volume overload. There is improved aeration of the lung bases with small residual left basilar effusion. No XXXX focal consolidation or pneumothorax. Stable tunneled dialysis catheter. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.
341.xml, Two-view chest. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. Right foot. Hindfoot, midfoot, forefoot XXXX are intact with no fractures or bone destruction.
2618.xml, Normal cardiomediastinal contours. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusions. Small focal retrocardiac lung opacity.
2270.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in overall size and appearance. Aortic XXXX, cardiac apex, and stomach are left-sided. Central vascular markings are symmetric and within normal limits. The lungs are normally inflated with no focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Dextro-convex scoliotic curvature of the thoracic spine. No acute bony abnormality.
2658.xml, Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic aorta. No focal airspace opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance.
3857.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
992.xml, There are bilateral pulmonary nodules whose appearances suggest metastatic disease to lungs. In the right lung, there is a 1.9 x 2.1 cm nodule overlying the posterior right 6th rib. There is a 1.0 x 1.2 cm nodule XXXX above this in the interspace between the posterior 5th and 6th ribs on the right. There is a 1.0 x 1.1 cm nodule projecting through the left 9th and 10th interspaces on the PA view. If not already performed, contrast-enhanced XXXX would be XXXX suited to evaluate these findings. There are no focal airspace opacities to suggest pneumonia. To the stomach contours appear grossly clear. Heart size and pulmonary XXXX appear normal. There are left-sided axillary clips. There is a right internal jugular central catheter, the distal tip in right atrium.
3798.xml, The heart is normal in size. The pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Patchy right lower lung opacification is noted.
2350.xml, No focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary opacities. Mild degenerative change thoracic spine. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Heart size normal limits.
3229.xml, Heart size within normal limits. Trachea is midline. The lung volumes are is somewhat low. Both lungs are otherwise clear bilaterally. No pleural effusion. No pulmonary nodules visualized.
2633.xml, Heart size is normal. Prior calcified granulomatous disease. On the lateral view in the anterior costophrenic XXXX, there is a 2.1 x 2 cm nodular density which seems to be present previously but is more nodular in appearance on this examination. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Endplate degenerative changes of the thoracolumbar spine and mild scoliosis are unchanged.
1939.xml, Lungs are clear. Heart size normal. No pneumothorax. Left costophrenic opacity may represent pleural or pericardial fat.
1701.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.
212.xml, Chest: Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. Hyperlucent apices. Negative for focal airspace disease or consolidation. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Healed remote left 9th rib fracture. Right shoulder: Negative for fracture or dislocation.
685.xml, The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and unchanged compared to prior examination. Tubular densities overlying the heart XXXX are XXXX coronary artery stents. There are small round calcific densities in the bilateral lobes which are unchanged from prior exam and XXXX represent sequelae from old granulomatous disease. Otherwise lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. Lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
2968.xml, Right paratracheal stripe is denser and XXXX than normal. The XXXX are normal. Heart size normal. Lungs clear and expanded with no infiltrates.
2085.xml, The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
3838.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. A single XXXX cardiac defibrillator XXXX projects over the right ventricle, in stable position. There are XXXX sternotomy XXXX and surgical clips from prior CABG.
3414.xml, Heart size appears enlarged. Mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis.. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
3769.xml, The lung volumes are low. However as compared to the prior study, there are increased perihilar opacities bilaterally. Stable dextroscoliosis of the lower thoracic spine with limited evaluation of the spinal XXXX. The tracheostomy tube is in unchanged position.
3343.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute bone abnormality.
2210.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. The thoracic spine appears intact..
2347.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Atherosclerosis of the aortic XXXX. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. T-spine osteophytes.
1703.xml, Lung volumes are mildly low. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size contour. No consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild degenerative disc change at the thoracic spine, no XXXX deformity.
3660.xml, Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Bony thorax and soft tissue is unremarkable.
1125.xml, Borderline enlarged heart. Stable mediastinal contours. Aortic XXXX calcifications. Hyperinflated lungs with chronic appearing interstitial markings, compatible with emphysema. Bilateral streaky opacities. Increased vascularity compatible with pulmonary vascular congestion. No focal airspace disease. No acute bony abnormality.
228.xml, Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Visualized osseous structures appear intact. Surgical XXXX is noted in the right upper quadrant. Subcutaneous emphysema seen along the neck bilaterally, right lateral upper abdomen, and left chest.
3141.xml, The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pleural effusion is identified.
404.xml, Artifact in the region of the central upper abdomen. No focal areas of consolidation. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Heart size within normal limits. Osseous structures intact.
1725.xml, There is right basilar opacity with associated blunting of the costophrenic XXXX seen on lateral view. In addition, there is a interface along the left hemidiaphragm. This may represent attenuation artifact however further evaluation with right lateral decubitus views would better evaluate. There is no pneumothorax. The XXXX lungs are clear. Cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.
2818.xml, There is stable cavity in the right apex, XXXX related to prior tuberculosis infection. There is increased opacity in the left upper lobe, peripherally. There is pulmonary hyperexpansion. There is no large effusion or pneumothorax.
3625.xml, The lungs appear clear. There are no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. The heart and pulmonary XXXX appear normal. Mediastinal contours appear normal. There's no pneumothorax.
3479.xml, Soft tissue neck. The airway is XXXX. No laryngeal edema. Laryngeal XXXX intact. Cervical spine intact. Chest. The heart is large. Diffuse parahilar and alveolar consolidations are present. Bilateral costophrenic XXXX blunting is present.
3428.xml, There is a prominent calcified head to the right anterior first rib. The aorta is tortuous. There are T-spine osteophytes. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation.
144.xml, Overall low lung volumes with mild patchy bibasilar airspace disease. This most XXXX represents atelectasis given the low lung volumes. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
196.xml, The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours, lungs, pleura, osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are normal.
1736.xml, The cardiomediastinal contours are stable and normal. Mid sternotomy XXXX again noted. Mildly low lung volumes. No significant pulmonary edema, focal lung consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax seen.
1636.xml, Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
759.xml, The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. There is ectasia of the thoracic aorta. No pleural effusion is identified.
1506.xml, There is interval placement of a XXXX on the left chest with the catheter tip in the cavoatrial junction. The heart size is within normal limits. Lung volumes within normal limits. Slightly prominent pulmonary vascularity noted. Increased peribronchial cuffing. No large consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. There is subpleural edema outlining the right XXXX fissure.
2223.xml, Chest. Heart size normal. Lungs clear. XXXX unremarkable. Limited technique. Right elbow and forearm. No acute fracture, dislocation or joint effusion. Soft tissues unremarkable. Left ankle. Soft tissue XXXX around ankle. There are midfoot degenerative changes and plantar calcaneal enthesophyte. Ankle mortise intact. No acute fracture or dislocation.
85.xml, There are scattered calcified granulomas. No focal infiltrate. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. There are degenerative changes of the spine.
573.xml, The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. Sternotomy XXXX and surgical clips are again seen. The cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. There is a background of marked centrilobular emphysema. Streaky opacities in the lung bases may represent atelectasis or scarring. There is no consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
3861.xml, No pneumothorax, pleural effusion , or focal airspace disease. Heart size within normal limits. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is clear. Bony structures appear intact.
2588.xml, No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Nodular density projected over the left base with no lateral view correlate XXXX secondary to soft tissue overlay. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits, no mediastinal widening characteristic in appearance of vascular injury. No acute osseous injury XXXX demonstrated.
769.xml, Clear lungs. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Normal heart. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine without acute bony abnormality. Prominent right epicardial fat XXXX
3374.xml, Lungs are free of infiltrates. However, in the left lower lobe there is a 1 cm diameter nodule that is not calcified. The right lung is clear. The heart, XXXX, and mediastinum are normal.
236.xml, Heart size is within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidations. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
1974.xml, The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
1953.xml, The lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The XXXX are unremarkable.
3905.xml, The heart is enlarged, stable compared to the previous exam. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. The XXXX are unremarkable.
1873.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormalities. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
57.xml, The tracheostomy tube tip is 5 cm above the carina. There are prominent diffuse bilateral interstitial opacities, stable from prior radiographs. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Heart size is within normal limits. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
2591.xml, No focal lung consolidation. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Osseous structures are grossly intact.
3077.xml, Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Low left paraspinal/retrocrural adenopathy is present. This appears unchanged.
1683.xml, The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. There are diminished lung volumes. Right greater than left bilateral hilar and subcarinal adenopathy is again seen. The cardiac silhouette is prominent but probably artifactually large due to diminished lung volumes. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. There is a deformity of the left clavicle compatible with remote XXXX.
3073.xml, Heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. Lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No displaced rib fracture.
1869.xml, XXXX sternotomy XXXX unchanged in position from prior exam, with some disrupted. Cardiac XXXX generator overlies left chest with leads in unchanged position since prior exam. Lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Mild cardiomegaly. XXXX and soft tissues are unremarkable.
1537.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute bone abnormality.
1428.xml, No focal consolidation. No visualized pneumothorax. No large pleural effusions. Heart size is normal. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable.
1160.xml, The left hilum is retracted superiorly. In the collapsed left upper lobe are stranding and pneumatoceles. Additionally, pleural thickening is present in the left apex. No infiltrates are present in the left lower lobe or in the right lung. Heart size is normal. These findings are similar to the previous outside examination.
497.xml, Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
795.xml, Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
2410.xml, The heart size is normal and cardiomediastinal silhouette has normal contour. The left hilar calcified lymph XXXX appear stable. There is persistence of a left lower lobe calcified nodule XXXX representing a granuloma. The lungs are hyperinflated but otherwise clear bilaterally.
3706.xml, The lungs are clear, and without focal airspace opacity. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable from prior exam. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Mediastinal surgical clips are again noted.
518.xml, Stable normal cardiac size and contour, unremarkable mediastinal silhouette. Normal pulmonary XXXX and interstitium. Lungs clear, no airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No active/acute cardiopulmonary disease.
1124.xml, There are postoperative changes of sternotomy. Heart size is within normal limits. There is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. The lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
3535.xml, The lungs are clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. Pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal.
843.xml, Right lower lobe XXXX calcified granuloma. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Degenerative changes thoracic spine.
2452.xml, There is a hiatal hernia. Right chest XXXX tip projects over the upper SVC. Stable granulomatous disease. Lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax.
2796.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.
3342.xml, The patchy right lower lobe and left lower lobe interstitial infiltrates are largely unchanged in the interval. No XXXX infiltrates. Heart size remains large. Tracheostomy tube remains in the trachea. A right central line has its tip at the superior XXXX XXXX.
2871.xml, The heart size is upper limits of normal. The pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
955.xml, Stable position of right central venous catheter. Interval removal of nasogastric tube. Heart size is normal. Persistent prominent interstitial markings of the right upper lobe. There are no XXXX focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The hilar and mediastinal contours are unchanged. Normal pulmonary vascularity.
1272.xml, There are scattered calcified granulomas. The lungs are otherwise clear. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal heart size and mediastinal contour. Right humeral internal fixation XXXX is noted.
2539.xml, Normal cardiomediastinal contours. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. No focal lung consolidation.
2827.xml, There is an endotracheal tube at the level of the carina, recommend retraction. Heart size is normal. The mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. XXXX shrapnel is overlying the right lower lobe. There is a round XXXX bullet overlying the T10 vertebral body. XXXX density is seen within the right lower lobe XXXX representing hemorrhage. There is a right-sided pneumothorax with 10 mm in maximal thickness. There is right axillary subcutaneous emphysema. Probable lateral right 8th rib fracture. The osseous structures are otherwise normal.
2590.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.
3351.xml, There are 2 ICD leads, one with the tip in the expected region of the right atrium and the other with the tip projected over the midline in the expected region of the right ventricle. Calcified granulomas. Normal heart size. Tortuous aorta. There is no pulmonary edema. There is no focal consolidation. There are no XXXX of a large pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pneumothorax.
2365.xml, The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
1709.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. There is minimal XXXX opacity in the lung bases. The lungs are otherwise grossly clear. There are no acute bony findings.
1000.xml, There is XXXX increased opacity within the right upper lobe with possible mass and associated area of atelectasis or focal consolidation. The cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX opacity in the left midlung overlying the posterior left 5th rib may represent focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bone abnormality.
3345.xml, No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits, visualized osseous structures appear intact.
468.xml, The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. There is a XXXX 10 XXXX nodule in the right apex projecting between the third and fourth posterior ribs. Lungs are hyperexpanded. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Scattered XXXX densities throughout the chest from prior gunshot wound. Chronic blunting of the costophrenic XXXX. Healed right 10th and left 9th posterolateral rib fracture.
3694.xml, Interval removal of left-sided chest tube. Small residual left apical pneumothorax has increased slightly in size the prior exam, now measuring approximately 0.9 cm from the thoracic apex. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion.
1199.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. The lungs are well expanded without consolidation or edema. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable.
1462.xml, No gross consolidation, atelectasis or infiltrate. No pleural fluid collection or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX XXXX is intact.
2874.xml, The lungs appear clear. There is a calcified granuloma in the right lung base and calcified right hilar lymph XXXX. This was seen well on prior XXXX. There are no suspicious appearing pulmonary nodules or masses. Heart and pulmonary XXXX appear normal. The pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal.
1171.xml, Heart size upper limits of normal. Low lung volumes with mild bronchovascular crowding and right basilar airspace disease. No pneumothorax or effusions.
3532.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
1565.xml, PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. The lungs are well aerated. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. Mild basilar atelectasis. Increased density the lung bases, favored this attenuation from overlying breast shadows.
3333.xml, Heart size normal. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Bony structures appear intact. The trachea and XXXX pulmonary bronchi are unremarkable.
2450.xml, The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. There is no focal airspace opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No acute bony abnormality is identified.
3312.xml, A patchy infiltrate has developed in the right middle lobe. Left lung is clear. Heart size normal. Aorta tortuous.
96.xml, The lungs are clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. The pleural spaces are clear. The mediastinal contours are normal.
319.xml, Normal heart size. Clear lungs. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion.
1077.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
3139.xml, No focal areas of consolidation. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Heart size within normal limits. Osseous structures intact.
3796.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. The thoracic spine appears intact. No acute, displaced rib fractures.
2456.xml, Mild cardiomegaly. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There is thoracic kyphosis. There is XXXX deformity of T12 and L1, unchanged XXXX abdomen XXXX, XXXX. Aortic calcifications are noted. Fracture of right proximal humerus, incompletely evaluated.
1702.xml, No acute osseous abnormality. Soft tissues are within normal limits. Borderline enlargement of the heart. Normal hilar vasculature. No focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.
668.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.
1384.xml, The lungs are clear. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The Heart and mediastinum are normal size and shape. XXXX and soft tissues are unremarkable.
3322.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. No change in a small calcified right apical granuloma. Heart and mediastinum normal.
3015.xml, The heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.
1032.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. There are calcifications projecting of the left midlung, unchanged from prior, this is is XXXX sequela of prior granulomatous disease. There are small T-spine osteophytes.
2825.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
1233.xml, Enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Low lung volumes. Relative elevation of right hemidiaphragm. XXXX left base density. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality.
533.xml, There is prominence of the superior mediastinum which may be partially due to patient's known thyroid mass. There is increased tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta. Cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal opacification. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There is scoliotic curvature the thoracic spine. No acute bone abnormality.
1051.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
3052.xml, Normal heart size. Density surrounding superior mediastinum reflex combination of vascular, osseous common pleural structures. No focal airspace consolidation. Moderate degenerative disc disease with osteophyte formation bridging.
2445.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.
3106.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.
2002.xml, Within the posterior lateral 8th rib there is a deformity along the cortex with associated oblique lucency. In addition within the posterior lateral 9th rib there appears to be a obliquely oriented lucency with cortical disruption. Findings are concerning for possible left rib fractures. Otherwise the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. The lungs are clear bilaterally. Multiple small punctate radiopaque foreign bodies are seen within the subcutaneous tissues and are present on previous CT scan from XXXX.
2727.xml, Heart size is normal. Cardiomediastinal silhouette stable. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. Bony structures appear intact. Emphysema.
3483.xml, Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
408.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are hypoinflated. Small bilateral pleural effusions are seen.
3728.xml, The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. The visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
3714.xml, Cardio mediastinal silhouette, pulmonary vascular pattern are within normal limits. Mildly low lung volumes. No focal infiltrate, pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.
2486.xml, The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. There are no focal infiltrates. There is prominent epipericardial fat. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. Right 7th and 8th rib deformities are noted. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
1567.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. XXXX XXXX opacity in left midlung. The lungs are clear.
3043.xml, The heart and mediastinum are normal. The lungs are clear. There is mild blunting of the right costophrenic XXXX. There is no infiltrate, mass or pneumothorax. The right internal jugular catheter has been removed.
783.xml, There is a calcified granuloma in the left upper lung zone. The lungs are otherwise clear. There is hyperinflation. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal for age.
3958.xml, Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
1589.xml, The lungs are hyperinflated with mildly coarsened interstitial markings consistent with chronic lung disease. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion identified. The mediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits for size. There is redemonstration without significant change in right hilar calcified lymph XXXX. The bony structures of the thorax demonstrate degenerative changes of the right shoulder and a XXXX right humerus consistent with distal humeral amputation. No acute bony abnormality identified.
1791.xml, Limited exam as the left costophrenic XXXX is excluded from the PA view. The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. Mild lung hyperinflation. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There is large calcified granuloma within the medial right lung base. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. Mild multilevel degenerative changes seen within the thoracic spine. No visible acute fracture. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
628.xml, Frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Cardiac silhouette at the upper limits of normal in size. Tortuous ectatic aorta. The aortic XXXX is near 5 cm in diameter. There is a retrocardiac left paraspinal bulge concerning for a descending thoracic aortic aneurysm. There is biapical scarring. No XXXX focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. XXXX spine spondylitic changes.
281.xml, Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
1899.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
827.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. XXXX scarring and emphysematous changes noted. The lungs are grossly clear.
2019.xml, The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. The lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The XXXX are intact.
1526.xml, No focal consolidation. No visualized pneumothorax. No large pleural effusions. The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable. There is motion artifact on the lateral radiograph.
3218.xml, XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. Aortic XXXX appear unremarkable. Lungs demonstrate no acute findings. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. There is degenerative changes of the skeletal structures
1391.xml, Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Low lung volumes. without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Limited lateral view given overlapping tissue silhouettes. Negative for acute bone abnormality.
548.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in overall size and appearance. Central vascular markings are symmetric and within normal limits. The lungs are normally inflated with no focal airspace disease, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality. Stable scarring in the right lung apex.
2755.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged with mild cardiomegaly. There is relative elevation of the right hemidiaphragm consistent with history of right lower lobectomy, without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion identified. Irregularity of the right fifth and sixth ribs stable since at XXXX XXXX and XXXX postsurgical/post traumatic in XXXX. Left shoulder rotator XXXX bone anchor noted. No acute osseous abnormality identified.
3848.xml, The heart size is moderate to severely enlarged. There is prominence of the central pulmonary XXXX suggesting pulmonary artery hypertension. There has been removal of the right-sided PICC line. There is persistent left basilar airspace opacity with left costophrenic XXXX blunting which is not evident on the lateral exam. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine. There is no pneumothorax.
3257.xml, The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.
2886.xml, Low lung volumes. Question patchy opacity left base. No pneumothorax. Osseous structures intact. Small right effusion.
390.xml, Heart size and vascularity are normal. Mild tortuosity of the aorta. No focal airspace disease or effusion. Degenerative change of the spine. No pneumothorax.
1455.xml, The lungs are clear. A calcified granuloma is seen in the left midlung zone. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal.
1017.xml, Both lungs are clear and expanded with no infiltrates. Basilar focal atelectasis is present in the lingula. Heart size normal. Calcified right hilar XXXX are present
632.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal silhouette are unremarkable. Lungs are clear. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion identified. XXXX and soft tissue are unremarkable.
424.xml, The lungs are clear. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The Heart and mediastinum are normal size and shape. XXXX and soft tissues are unremarkable. Probable nerve stimulator noted.
1193.xml, Stable enlarged cardiac silhouette. Persistent bilateral lower lobe airspace disease, not significantly XXXX compared to prior. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality.
710.xml, Stable normal cardiac size and contour with unremarkable mediastinal silhouette. Normal pulmonary XXXX. No active airspace disease/infiltrate. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Calcified granuloma right upper lobe.
3412.xml, The lungs are clear. There is no pneumonia. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. Pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours appear normal. Bony overlap in the lung apices could obscure a small pulmonary nodule.
3570.xml, Normal heart size mediastinal contours. Subsegmental atelectasis versus scarring in the right midlung and left lower lobe. No focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Low lung volumes. Visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance.
2757.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The cardiac pacing leads XXXX over the right atrium and right ventricle. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
2396.xml, There are bilateral opacities most prominent in the lower lobes bilaterally. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The XXXX are unremarkable. There is an embolization XXXX overlying left upper quadrant.
1940.xml, Postsurgical changes noted overlying the left axilla. No focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary opacities. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax.
2953.xml, The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal.
1685.xml, Hyperinflated lungs with mildly flattened posterior diaphragm. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Heart size within normal limits, no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
298.xml, The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal.
295.xml, Limited lateral projection. The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. Healed distal left clavicular fracture noted.
3863.xml, The lungs are clear, and without focal airspace opacity. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is enlarged. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
3046.xml, Redemonstration of azygos lobe. Redemonstrated left perihilar nodular opacity, similar in size from previous examination. Dense appearing, may be granulomatous. The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. The heart size is normal. XXXX. Limited exam, for evaluation of fractures. However, no evidence for displaced rib fracture.
922.xml, The heart is slightly large. Pulmonary XXXX are normal. No infiltrates.
3264.xml, Calcified granulomas noted. XXXX symmetric apical scarring. The diaphragms are flattened, and the chest is somewhat XXXX shaped. The cardiothymic silhouette is within normal limits for size. Pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. No acute bony abnormality.
2753.xml, Stable calcified superior mediastinal lymph XXXX. Lungs are clear bilaterally. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX are unremarkable.
3750.xml, There is stable cardiomegaly. Right pleural effusion is slightly increased in size. Pulmonary vasculature is persistently enlarged. Prominent interstitium is stable. No XXXX focal infiltrate. No pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures intact.
778.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Stable calcified granulomas. Bony thorax is unremarkable.
534.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Left perihilar scarring is noted in the upper lobe. Streaky opacities in the retrocardiac region XXXX reflect mild subsegmental atelectasis. There is no focal infiltrate or pleural effusion.
927.xml, Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. Stable tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. No acute osseous abnormality identified.
354.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. The lungs are clear.
1505.xml, Normal heart size. Clear lungs. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. There is opacity at the base of the mediastinum which is XXXX a hiatal hernia.
189.xml, The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is a 1 cm focal opacity in the right lung apex incompletely evaluated by this exam. There is minimal left basilar XXXX opacity compatible with scarring or atelectasis. There are degenerative changes of the spine.
2932.xml, The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour and unchanged in comparison to prior exams. The lungs are clear with no evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
536.xml, No acute osseous abnormality. The soft tissues are within normal limits. Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. No focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.
33.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Left axillary surgical clips. Bony structures are intact.
909.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
2440.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. The aorta is atherosclerotic. Emphysematous changes are identified. There is no acute infiltrate or effusion.
1340.xml, Heart size is normal. No focal consolidations. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
2253.xml, There is hyperinflation of the lungs but they are clear. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal. There are bilateral breast prostheses.
2255.xml, The trachea is midline. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and unchanged from prior examination. There are round calcific densities in the right lung consistent with prior granulomatous disease. Otherwise, the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
2113.xml, The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. Mild lung hyperinflation. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. Degenerative changes seen within the midthoracic spine. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
1273.xml, Heart is mildly enlarged stable. Mediastinal contour is normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
3689.xml, Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Calcified aortic XXXX. Calcified granuloma in the anterior segment of the right lower lobe. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Degenerative disc disease the thoracic spine. Coronary artery stent.
3545.xml, XXXX opacities in the lung bases are slightly worse XXXX compared to prior study. Lung volumes are low. Heart size and pulmonary XXXX are normal. There no focal airspace opacities to suggest pneumonia. The patient is status post XXXX sternotomy. There calcifications of the thoracic aorta.
2084.xml, Left chest wall Mediport placement with venous catheter tip in superior XXXX XXXX. Normal cardiac contours. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. Clear lungs bilaterally. XXXX fracture seen at T5 and L2 with areas of sclerosis throughout the thoracic and lumbar spine.
379.xml, There has been interval placement of a dual-lumen dialysis catheter with the distal tip projected over the right atrium. Moderate cardiomegaly is identified. There is mild calcification of the transverse XXXX. XXXX airspace opacities are identified with bilateral pleural effusions.
3501.xml, Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. No acute osseous abnormality identified.
3156.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
3875.xml, Stable left lower lung increased interstitial markings. No XXXX focal alveolar opacities. Low lung volumes. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions.
2785.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.
3316.xml, Heart size is normal. No focal airspace disease. Emphysema. Bibasilar pleural scarring. No pneumothorax or effusion.
2402.xml, The heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. There are low lung volumes with left basilar subsegmental atelectasis. No focal airspace consolidation, effusions or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.
2954.xml, There is obscuration of the bilateral lung bases with lower lung volumes compared to prior examination. Stable atelectatic/fibrotic changes of the visualized lung, and stable left-sided calcified granuloma. No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Cardiomediastinal silhouette unremarkable.
1448.xml, XXXX XXXX and lateral views of the chest were obtained on 02/010/XXXX. The lung volumes are normal. The lungs are clear and there are no pleural effusions. There is stable mild tenting of the medial aspect of the right diaphragm. The mediastinum and pulmonary XXXX are normal. The bony elements are not remarkable.
1769.xml, Consolidation and some atelectasis are present in the left lower lobe. Patchy interstitial infiltrates are also present in the right lower lobe. Bilateral costophrenic XXXX blunting is present. Heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal.
921.xml, Frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary XXXX and vasculature, central airways and aeration of the lungs. No pleural effusion.
1648.xml, The lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is identified. Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. There are degenerative changes of the spine.
91.xml, Minimal right-to-left cardiomediastinal shift. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is otherwise normal size and configuration. Pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. There is a moderate sized right pneumothorax. This measures 3.2 cm at the level the right apex.
3851.xml, No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. Bony structures appear intact. Heart size normal.
2986.xml, The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild dextro curvature of the thoracic spine, possibly positional.
1010.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.
75.xml, The heart size is stable. The aorta is ectatic and atherosclerotic but stable. XXXX sternotomy XXXX are again noted. The scarring in the left lower lobe is again noted and unchanged from prior exam. There are mild bilateral prominent lung interstitial opacities consistent with emphysematous disease. The calcified granulomas are stable.
1461.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.
2568.xml, XXXX XXXX sternotomy XXXX appear intact. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. The pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. There is no focal lung opacity. Clips overlie the right upper quadrant.
831.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Low lung volumes without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Normal XXXX.
3562.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. Sequela of prior granulomatous disease Lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis.. Degenerative changes of the spine.
3716.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute displaced rib fracture. Bilateral nipple jewelry.
3519.xml, Large left lower lobe opacity is present. There does not appear to be significant mediastinal shift. There is no pneumothorax. The cardiac silhouette is not definitively identified and not fully evaluated. The mediastinal contours are unremarkable.
2919.xml, The heart is significantly enlarged. Prominent pulmonary vascularity. No focal airspace consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, or definite pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.
3536.xml, Heart size is enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. No visible pneumothorax . XXXX right pleural effusion blunting posterior costophrenic XXXX. There is a XXXX XXXX of subsegmental atelectasis of the left lung base. There is XXXX alveolar airspace disease in the medial right lung base. Multilevel degenerative disease of the visualized portions of the thoracolumbar spine.
1006.xml, The lungs appear clear. There are no focal airspace opacities to suggest pneumonia. The pleural spaces are clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. Mediastinal contours are normal. There is no pneumothorax.
1415.xml, Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
571.xml, Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
3673.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinal contours are stable. Aortic calcifications are noted. There are small calcified lymph XXXX. Emphysema and chronic changes are identified. There is XXXX opacity in the left perihilar upper lobe. There is questionable XXXX extension to the pleural surface. This may represent acute infiltrate or developing density. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
1437.xml, The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are hyperexpanded. Scattered granuloma. No focal airspace disease. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.
1480.xml, The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.
2544.xml, Heart is mildly enlarged but stable. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. The patient is status post valve replacement. XXXX sternotomy XXXX intact. No focal airspace disease or effusion. Residuals of prior granulomatous infection. Degenerative change of the spine. No pneumothorax.
3255.xml, Stable appearance of the left axillary XXXX. No pneumothorax. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
729.xml, No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion identified. However, there is a 1.7 cm nodular opacity within the right hilum, which may represent partially calcified granuloma or lymphadenopathy. Scattered calcified granulomas also seen. Heart size is upper limit normal. No acute bony abnormality.
3416.xml, Redemonstration of the left basilar patchy atelectasis, unchanged from last exam. Lungs are otherwise clear. No evidence of pneumothorax or pleural effusions present. There is a focal calcified nodules in the left upper lung, stable in appearance from XXXX of XXXX. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. No suspicion bony destruction identified.
631.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is within normal limits. Dual-lumen right IJ catheter is identified without pneumothorax. The lungs are moderately hypoinflated with bibasilar XXXX opacities XXXX adjacent atelectasis. There is ill-defined density overlying the anterior left 5th rib, possibly healing deformity versus superimposition of structures.
222.xml, The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
983.xml, Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. There are reticular opacities in the medial right middle lobe with tubular airway ectasia which obscures the right heart XXXX. This was present previously and is most compatible with bronchiectasis. There is no XXXX focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Unremarkable XXXX.
740.xml, The heart and mediastinum are stable. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.
2415.xml, The heart is mildly enlarged. The lungs are hypoinflated with mildly elevated left hemidiaphragm. There is patchy opacity in the left lung base which may be secondary to atelectasis and/or possible infiltrate. Increased markings are noted throughout and were present on prior CT. The study is limited secondary to moderate XXXX motion. Underlying emphysematous changes are identified.
317.xml, Normal heart size. Normal mediastinal silhouette. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No suspicious focal air space opacity.
3993.xml, The heart is mildly enlarged. Left hemidiaphragm is elevated. There is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion. The mediastinum is unremarkable.
256.xml, Postoperative changes are present in the left fifth rib. Residual radiopaque sutures are also present in the left upper lobe. The lungs are clear with no infiltrates or masses. Heart and mediastinum are normal.
186.xml, Cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The visualized osseous structures appear intact. No evidence of abnormal radiodense foreign bodies.
1399.xml, The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. Partial fusion of 2 vertebral bodies near the thoracolumbar junction.
3513.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.
3014.xml, There is distortion of the right hilum which may be postsurgical versus neoplastic. Volume loss of the right hand side. There is no evidence of focal infiltrate. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Normal heart size.
3130.xml, 2 images. Heart size is enlarged, stable. Thoracic aortic atherosclerotic calcifications are present. There is XXXX dense consolidation within the retrocardiac left lower lobe. There is also patchy airspace opacity within the perihilar right lung. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
1290.xml, There is a 22 x 14 mm calcified nodule in the left lower lobe. A moderate hiatal hernia is present. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Pulmonary vasculature and XXXX are normal. No consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Osseous structures and soft tissues are normal.
1644.xml, The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Calcified lymph XXXX are present. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.
3126.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. The thoracic spine appears intact. No acute, displaced rib fractures.
516.xml, Normal heart. Calcified right hilar granulomas. No focal infiltrate. Midline trachea.
2959.xml, Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
3542.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.
1532.xml, Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
451.xml, On the right there is marked narrowing of the hip joint space uniformly throughout. Osteophyte formation is present with some sclerosis and subchondral cyst formation vertically along the superior acetabulum and femoral head. I do not see evidence for fracture or destructive process. AP view of the femur shows no femoral XXXX destructive process or other significant abnormality. For of the Left hip shows near-complete obliteration of the joint space with severe subchondral sclerosis and cystic formation in both the superior acetabulum and superior aspect of the femoral head. No fracture or destructive process is identified. Surgical markers were XXXX in the images and left hip for the purpose of surgical planning. PA and lateral chest show the lungs to be clear. There may be some hyperinflation. No pleural effusion is identified. The heart is normal in size. There are calcified mediastinal lymph XXXX. The skeletal structures appear normal.
307.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation.
2838.xml, The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
2735.xml, Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
791.xml, Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Tortuous aorta. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.
926.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Pulmonary vasculature and XXXX are normal. No consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Osseous structures and soft tissues are normal.
3038.xml, The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. There is a calcified granuloma within the left upper lobe. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. There are acute mild anterior XXXX deformities identified at L1-L2. There is retropulsion of the posterior vertebral body of L1. A CT of the lumbar spine was already ordered at the time of this dictation.
1623.xml, Normal cardiomediastinal contours. No pneumothorax, pleural effusions or focal lung consolidation.
3549.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
2969.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contours are stable. Atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta. Moderate severe hyperexpansion of the lungs and decreased peripheral vascular markings, consistent with emphysema. Stable biapical pleural-parenchymal scarring. Scattered granulomas. No abnormal airspace consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
858.xml, Frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. There is evidence of previous granulomatous disease. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary XXXX and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. No pleural effusion.
3770.xml, Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the spine.
1502.xml, The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal.
139.xml, The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. A lobulated opacity is identified superior to the heart, in the anterior mediastinum on the lateral view, possibly consistent with a tortuous/ectatic thoracic aorta versus an anterior mediastinal mass. The thoracic aorta is tortuous and calcified. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. The lungs are hyperexpanded with flattening of the bilateral hemidiaphragms. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Severe degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
306.xml, The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax.
2129.xml, The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.
1799.xml, Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
2322.xml, Lung volumes remain XXXX. XXXX opacity is present in the right middle lobe. No focal infiltrates. Heart size normal.
1483.xml, The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits.The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. The descending thoracic aorta is tortuous.
2890.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. No definite pneumothorax. No displaced fracture. Small rounded radiopaque density within the posterior superficial subcutaneous fat XXXX represents projectile fragment..
1380.xml, Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.
3567.xml, XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. Pacemaker leads are within the right atrium and ventricle. Lungs demonstrate there is right lower lobe airspace disease and small effusion suspicious for pneumonia. Left lung is clear. There is no pneumothorax.
619.xml, There has been interval sternotomy with intact midline sternotomy XXXX. The heart is near top normal in size with unfolding of the aorta. The lungs are grossly clear with no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The osseous structures are grossly normal.
225.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No focal consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormalities.
2532.xml, Stable enlargement of the cardiac silhouette, lateral view interlobar fissural thickening. Interstitial opacities greatest in the central lungs and bases.
2855.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
1221.xml, No airspace disease, effusion or noncalcified nodule. Normal heart size and mediastinum. Visualized XXXX of the chest XXXX are within normal limits.
3216.xml, Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Bony structures are intact.
3675.xml, XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. Lungs demonstrate no acute findings. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.
389.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There is a stable calcified granuloma in the right lower lobe. A hiatal hernia is present that is unchanged from the prior study. XXXX are grossly unremarkable.
904.xml, Normal heart size. Left chest XXXX tip mid SVC. Right axillary surgical clips. Stable pleural based nodule left mid chest. No acute pulmonary findings.
3528.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.
739.xml, XXXX XXXX and lateral views of the chest were obtained XXXX/XXXX. The lung volumes are low normal. The lungs are clear and there are no pleural effusions. The mediastinum and pulmonary XXXX are normal. The bony elements are not remarkable.
3936.xml, Heart size within normal limits. No alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.
3271.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
1551.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. The thoracic spine appears intact. No acute, displaced rib fractures.
2070.xml, There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Questionable old left posterior third and fourth rib fractures. Visualized soft tissues are within normal limits. Normal heart size. Normal hilar vascular markings. Subtle prominence of interstitial markings in the bases, left worse than right. No focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.
588.xml, The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.
837.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. Right hilar calcifications XXXX sequela of prior granulomatous disease. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute bone abnormality.
1935.xml, The heart is borderline in size. The aorta is mildly tortuous. XXXX right IJ catheter is in XXXX with tip in proximal right atrium/cavoatrial junction. There is no pneumothorax. Lungs are grossly clear. There is no large effusion.
1758.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is mild prominence of the superior mediastinum which is somewhat lucent and XXXX reflects mediastinal and vascular structures. No focal consolidation is seen. There is no pleural effusion.
1135.xml, Heart XXXX, mediastinum, XXXX, bony structures and lung XXXX are unremarkable. Stable small calcified granuloma left base. No XXXX acute findings/opacities/infiltrates noted.
1119.xml, Low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. Sequela of prior granulomatous disease. Otherwise lungs clear. Heart size normal. Stable severe L1 XXXX deformity.
1883.xml, Frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary XXXX and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. No pleural effusion. There are right upper quadrant surgical clips, perhaps from cholecystectomy.
3003.xml, No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusions. Stable calcified granulomas. Cardiomediastinal silhouette demonstrates mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta and atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic XXXX. No acute osseous abnormality identified.
2494.xml, Heart size is mildly enlarged. The pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine. There are extensive vascular calcifications. There is a left midlung calcified granuloma.
3183.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.
81.xml, 2 images. Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No convincing acute bony findings.
3360.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Left basilar subsegmental atelectasis versus scar noted. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
793.xml, The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. Oval sclerotic density projecting over the inferior right glenoid may represent synovial osteochondromatosis or cortical XXXX XXXX. This is unchanged 31 17 XXXX. The remaining osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are unremarkable in appearance.
1947.xml, Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal contours. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. A dense nodule in the right base suggests a previous granulomatous process. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.
3663.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.
1707.xml, Frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size of the cardiac silhouette. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary XXXX and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. No pleural effusion.
2581.xml, CHEST. The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine. There is flattening of the hemidiaphragms. ABDOMEN. There is a normal bowel XXXX pattern. There is an IVC XXXX identified. There are phleboliths in pelvis. There mild degenerative changes of the spine.
1835.xml, Low lung volumes. The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. The lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The XXXX are intact.
2767.xml, Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
1474.xml, No pneumothorax. Heart size is normal. Granulomas are seen within the right lung. No large pleural effusions. No focal airspace consolidation.
557.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and appearance. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The lung zones are clear. There are no bony abnormalities
1516.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.
1934.xml, The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is chronic left hemidiaphragm elevation. The aorta is tortuous and ectatic with atherosclerotic calcifications.
3010.xml, Heart and mediastinum are at the upper limits of normal size. There is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. There is no acute, displaced rib fracture. Bony structures are unremarkable.
2571.xml, PA and lateral views the chest were obtained. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. The lungs are well aerated. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. Degenerative spine.
3735.xml, The cardiac contours are normal. Atherosclerotic aorta. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.
2751.xml, The Cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal. The Heart size is normal. The lungs are clear with no pulmonary effusions or pneumothorax.
2665.xml, No focal lung consolidation. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Osseous structures are grossly intact.
562.xml, Frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary XXXX and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. No pleural effusion.
2192.xml, No focal lung consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.Heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits.Minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. The previously<BR>described XXXX deformity in the midthoracic spine is again seen. There is subcutaneous shunt catheter tubing along the anterior chest wall
901.xml, Heart size is enlarged but stable. Stable sequela prior granulomatous disease. Stable XXXX sternotomy XXXX with fracture of the superior-most sternotomy XXXX.. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Degenerative endplate changes of the spine.
1385.xml, The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. Old healed left 5th and 6th rib fractures are seen laterally.
982.xml, Lungs are clear. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. There are postoperative changes of cervical spine fusion.
40.xml, Mild hyperexpansion of the lungs. Numerous bilateral rib deformities. No focal airspace disease. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax or effusion. Large, flowing anterior endplate osteophytes of the thoracic spine.
363.xml, Normal cardiomediastinal contours. No focal consolidation or pleural effusions. No pneumothorax.
3044.xml, The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. External monitor leads XXXX the thorax. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. The visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
349.xml, The heart size is enlarged. The aorta is tortuous. The pulmonary vasculature appears normal. Lungs are otherwise clear bilaterally. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No bony abnormalities.
2882.xml, There are no focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious bony opacities. Heart size slightly enlarged. No pleural effusions. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
3737.xml, Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
1350.xml, Chest. No focal consolidation. No visualized pneumothorax. No large pleural effusions. The heart size is normal. No focal thoracic bony findings. Hand. There is also cortical and trabecular irregularity through the XXXX of the scaphoid. There is a small cortical lucency through the base of the fourth metacarpal that may be a vascular XXXX.
252.xml, The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.
1396.xml, Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.
930.xml, Lung volumes are low. No focal infiltrates. Pulmonary XXXX are normal.
1095.xml, The lungs appear clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX appear normal. There is severe kyphotic deformity of the chest involving prior fractures of thoracic vertebral bodies and the sternum. There are multiple XXXX fractures identified involving upper thoracic vertebral bodies and a single upper lumbar vertebral body. The patient is status post vertebroplasty at multiple levels. The pleural spaces appear clear. There is right-sided chest XXXX, the distal tip in the upper right atrium. Mediastinal contours appear normal.
1723.xml, Heart size is normal. There are densely calcified mediastinal and right hilar lymph XXXX which suggest prior histoplasmosis exposure. No consolidating airspace disease is seen within the lungs. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No convincing acute bony findings.
749.xml, Negative for cardiac enlargement. Negative for vascular congestion. Bilateral granulomas are seen scattered throughout the lungs. Negative for pneumothorax. Negative for focal air space consolidation. Some minimal streaky opacity at the bilateral bases XXXX relates to subsegmental atelectasis.
3582.xml, Heart size is normal. The lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
608.xml, The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. There is an old healed fracture through the right 8th rib.
2632.xml, Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.
648.xml, Cardiomediastinal size and contour is grossly normal for AP technique. There is a calcified granuloma in the right lower lobe. The lungs are mildly hypoinflated but grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute, displaced fractures are demonstrated.
2139.xml, The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Calcified right hilar lymph XXXX. Heart size is enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. XXXX sternotomy XXXX and prosthetic aortic valve noted.
491.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits. There is improved lung volumes bilaterally with persistent bibasilar atelectatic opacities, without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. No acute bony abnormality identified.
498.xml, Large medial right upper lobe mass lesion, measuring approximately 5.8 cm x 6.0 cm in diameter. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusions. Lungs clear. Heart size within normal limits. Degenerative changes thoracic spine.
1662.xml, No focal consolidation. There are prominent interstitial markings, including focally in right upper lobe, which are similar from prior examination. No visualized pneumothorax. The heart size is normal. There are no pleural effusions.
2362.xml, Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.
37.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. XXXX XXXX opacities in right mid lung. The lungs are otherwise grossly clear.
2216.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. No focal airspace consolidation. There is mild elevation right hemidiaphragm. No visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There are mild degenerative changes along the thoracic spine.
1007.xml, Trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures show no acute abnormalities. Lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
1558.xml, Low lung volumes. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. Lungs are clear airspace disease. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. XXXX XXXX are grossly intact.
1727.xml, Right-sided internal jugular central venous catheter with tip approximating the right atrium. Postsurgical changes of the mediastinum including sternotomy XXXX. Left base opacities again noted, stable. There is a left lung opacity, not well appreciated on prior. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. Low lung volumes. Degenerative changes thoracic spine.
1880.xml, The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is an 8mm nodule identified within the left lateral midlung partially overlying the posterior left 7th rib. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
1598.xml, Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. No acute osseous abnormality identified.
2950.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.
3089.xml, Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No abnormal airspace opacities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
3158.xml, Cardiomegaly is present. The pulmonary vascularity appears within normal limits. Some scattered XXXX opacities are present whose appearance XXXX scarring or atelectasis. No focal airspace disease is seen. No pleural effusion is noted. No pneumothorax is identified. The left hemidiaphragm is elevated. Scoliosis is present involving the lumbar spine. There has been previous surgical resection of the left 6th rib.
3136.xml, Cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The visualized osseous structures appear intact.
1962.xml, No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Stable right lower lung granuloma. Interval to right clavicle XXXX procedure. Heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. XXXX XXXX are intact.
2941.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. XXXX are grossly unremarkable.
1621.xml, The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. The heart size is at the upper limits of normal. Calcified granuloma in the right lower lobe is stable in appearance XXXX compared to the previous examinations.
1046.xml, Heart and mediastinum within normal limits. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.
261.xml, No focal areas of consolidation. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Osseous structures appear intact.
370.xml, Heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. Lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are grossly intact.
967.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, focal airspace consolidation.
3137.xml, The trachea is midline. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. There is a calcified density in the left mid lung, most XXXX a calcified granuloma. Lungs are otherwise clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. Specifically, there is no evidence of tuberculous disease. There is no pneumothorax. The bony structures show no acute abnormalities.
869.xml, The heart is normal size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. The XXXX are unremarkable.
1795.xml, There is moderate cardiomegaly. No interstitial edema or pleural effusion. No focal airspace consolidation. No pneumothorax. There is mild degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine.
2939.xml, There are no acute osseous abnormalities. There are surgical clips in the right upper abdomen, XXXX from cholecystectomy. Normal heart size. Normal hilar vascular markings. The lungs are grossly clear without focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax.
1302.xml, Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum are stable with ectasia of the aorta. Heart size is upper limits of normal. Degenerative changes in the spine.
1306.xml, The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. There are diminished lung volumes. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. XXXX scoliosis is unchanged. Visualized upper abdomen is grossly unremarkable.
2353.xml, Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
3226.xml, The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.
300.xml, Heart size within normal limits. Mild hyperinflation of the lungs. Mild pectus excavatum deformity. Stable left mid lung calcified granuloma. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or effusions.
3413.xml, The heart and mediastinal contours are stable. The lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
405.xml, Rotated with low lung volumes. Question left atrial enlargement, XXXX appreciated on lateral view. There is no focal consolidation. There are no XXXX of a large pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax. There is no acute bony abnormality seen.
2687.xml, The heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Surgical clips overlying the left breast soft tissues. Multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No acute bony abnormalities.
944.xml, Heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. Mild tortuosity of the aorta. Low lung volumes, however lungs are grossly clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures grossly intact.
180.xml, XXXX XXXX and lateral views of the chest were obtained XXXX/XXXX. The lung volumes are normal. The lungs are clear and there are no pleural effusions. The mediastinum and pulmonary XXXX are normal. Positioning of the pacemaker generator is unchanged and in its 3 leads remain intact. The additional pacing XXXX over the left atrium also appear unchanged. Thoracolumbar scoliosis is again noted. The XXXX XXXX remain intact.
2033.xml, The cardiac silhouette is near upper limits of normal in size. Pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. There is mild tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. There are mild degenerative endplate changes in the thoracic spine.
980.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.
1042.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
1763.xml, Heart XXXX, mediastinum, XXXX, bony structures are unremarkable. Stable increased lung volumes consistent with chronic lung disease. No XXXX infiltrates noted.
3939.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
166.xml, Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Calcified lymph XXXX and granuloma are noted. Mild degenerative changes are present in the spine.
448.xml, Heart size is within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidations. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
331.xml, The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. The lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The XXXX are intact.
416.xml, Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.
3678.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The costophrenic XXXX are blunted. The interstitial markings are slightly accentuated suggesting underlying chronic disease/emphysema. No focal consolidation is seen.
3801.xml, There are midline sternotomy XXXX and mediastinal clips consistent with prior CABG. The heart is enlarged with unfolding of the aorta. There is prominence of the interstitial markings with fluid in the fissures consistent with interstitial edema. There is no focal airspace opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There multilevel degenerative spine changes.
248.xml, No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. XXXX XXXX are intact. There is a small calcified granuloma in the right midlung.
1619.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are mildly hypoinflated but clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are multiple XXXX sternotomy XXXX and surgical clips compatible with prior CABG. The most caudal XXXX sternotomy XXXX is fractured. There are no acute bony findings.
3794.xml, Heart size, aortic and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. No visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. 6 mm nodular opacity overlies the left anterior 5th rib on the frontal view. No focal bony abnormality identified.
2427.xml, The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and unchanged compared to prior examination. The lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. There is hiatal hernia.
67.xml, There are low volumes with bronchovascular crowding. No focal infiltrate or effusion. Heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. No displaced fracture identified.
2737.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is slight elevation of left hemidiaphragm with XXXX left basilar subsegmental atelectasis. The lungs are otherwise grossly clear.
3764.xml, Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
711.xml, Calcified granulomas are noted within the lung bases and stable compared with prior study. The cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax. There is no focal opacity. No large pleural effusion. XXXX is minimal retrolisthesis of two lower thoracic vertebral bodies.
3098.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.
734.xml, No pneumothorax. Heart size is normal. No large pleural effusions. No focal airspace consolidation.
2159.xml, The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. .
2536.xml, The lungs appear clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. Mediastinal contours are normal. Surgical clips are identified in the mediastinum. Pleural spaces are clear. Soft tissue XXXX previously noted along the right lateral chest wall has resolved.
1884.xml, The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is noted. Degenerative changes are noted in the spine. The descending thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous. The mediastinum appears somewhat prominent.
576.xml, Exam limited by patient rotation. Mild rightward deviation of the trachea. Stable cardiomegaly. Unfolding of the thoracic aorta. Persistent right pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis. Low lung volumes. No focal airspace consolidation. There is severe degenerative changes of the right shoulder.
569.xml, The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The left hemidiaphragm remains elevated. Right base densities are again noted which appear improved. Previously seen left pleural effusion has resolved. There continues to be some left base opacities which may represent atelectasis. Surgical clips and suture lines are noted in the mediastinum. An air-fluid level is seen in the upper right abdomen immediately below the right hemidiaphragm. Extensive pleural densities are present on the right which may represent localized fluid or pleural thickening. No definite pneumothorax is seen.
3957.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.
1963.xml, 2 images. Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No convincing acute bony findings.
1237.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There is is a calcified XXXX opacity in the left lung base suggestive of old empyema, hematoma, or prior TB. No cavitary lesions are seen. XXXX are grossly unremarkable.
1890.xml, The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. There is a cardiac XXXX. There are sternotomy XXXX and bypass markers. There is a hiatal hernia. The aorta is tortuous.
2580.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contours are unchanged. Stable right upper lobe scarring with pleural thickening. No XXXX consolidation. No visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
3119.xml, Heart size is normal. No focal airspace consolidations. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute osseous findings.
3393.xml, Lateral view, over the lingula, there is a 7mm diameter uncalcified nodule of uncertain origin. The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. The heart size is normal. Mild tortuosity aorta is redemonstrated.
3307.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. Pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. The lungs are well-aerated. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation.
3075.xml, The heart is mildly enlarged. Lung volumes are low. There is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. Bony structures are within normal limits. There is no free air under the diaphragm. There is a mild amount of XXXX seen in the transverse colon.
581.xml, Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. No XXXX focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
3220.xml, Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. Bony structures are intact.
984.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. There are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding and scattered XXXX opacities in the bilateral lung bases. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion. No acute, displaced rib fractures identified.
3514.xml, No focal lung consolidation. A XXXX density overlying the left costophrenic XXXX is XXXX due to overlying soft tissues. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Osseous structures are grossly intact.
1081.xml, The lungs are hyperexpanded. Heart size normal. No mass or focal opacities seen. Stable degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
1693.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. The lungs are hypoinflated with scarring in the left lung base. There is no focal consolidation or significant effusion.
407.xml, Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
2367.xml, There is no focal consolidation. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. The heart size is within normal limits.
2285.xml, XXXX sternotomy XXXX and mediastinal postsurgical changes. Stable cardiomegaly. Crowded bronchovascular and interstitial markings XXXX related to low lung volumes and technique. Grossly stable appearance of the lungs compared to prior exam without overt edema or gross airspace consolidation.
1868.xml, Heart size and pulmonary vascularity normal. There is a small right pleural effusion. There is infrahilar interstitial prominence which may represent bronchovascular crowding lung. Small left pleural effusion. No pneumothorax.
1501.xml, Chest. Right hemidiaphragm remains elevated. Consolidation and atelectasis are present in the right lung base. Left lung is clear. No pleural air collections. Shoulder and clavicle. Fractures present in the right scapula the base of the glenoid process. It is attached to the coracoid process and a portion of the spine. The humeral head is located within the glenoid articular surface. Cutaneous air is present. Fracture is present in the posterior portion of the right 3rd rib. The acromioclavicular joint and coracoclavicular joints are widened.
54.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Minimal right basilar subsegmental atelectasis noted. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Tortuosity of the thoracic aorta noted. Scattered calcified granulomas are seen without evidence of active granulomatous/tuberculous process. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
1665.xml, Normal cardiac contour. Stable calcified granuloma left upper lobe. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Clear lungs bilaterally.
1248.xml, Heart size is normal. No focal consolidations. There are degenerative changes throughout the midlower thoracic spine. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
11.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute osseous findings.
2207.xml, Heart size is within normal limits. Tortuous thoracic aorta. There is patchy right base airspace disease. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There mild degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
532.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
1433.xml, The cardiac contours are normal. Mild atherosclerosis. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.
723.xml, The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is bilateral basilar XXXX opacity compatible with atelectasis. There are somewhat low lung volumes. There is a calcified right hilar lymph node.
1601.xml, The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
2213.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Innumerable XXXX bilateral nodules are identified, most of which appear calcified on XXXX examination. There is no acute infiltrate or effusion. XXXX lingular scarring and/or atelectasis.
2887.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. There are a few XXXX opacities in the lung bases bilaterally. No definitive pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Displaced fracture of the mid one-third of the right clavicle.
3717.xml, Low lung volumes. XXXX normal heart size. No pneumothorax. No large effusion. No focal infiltrate.
120.xml, Low lung volumes bilaterally with central bronchovascular crowding without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces.. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine..
1855.xml, Heart size within normal limits. There is focal left lateral base airspace disease. There is a 6 mm nodular opacity in the right midlung. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. No displaced rib fractures. There is an apparent deformity of the right humeral surgical neck. This is not seen on the comparison. Correlate clinically with history of fracture.
1765.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. There is rounded calcified density within the left lower lobe most consistent with granuloma. Remaining lungs are clear without evidence of focal opacification. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute bone abnormality.
3975.xml, No focal consolidation. No visualized pneumothorax. No large pleural effusions. Heart size normal. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
1622.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute osseus abnormality..
3984.xml, The lungs appear clear. The thoracic aorta remains tortuous. The presence of an aortic aneurysm cannot be excluded on this study XXXX. A there are calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph XXXX suggesting prior histoplasmosis infection. The pleural spaces are clear.
3113.xml, The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no evidence for mass lung apices. The heart is normal. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. The skeletal structures are unremarkable.
3734.xml, Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.
1329.xml, Two nodules are noted in the right XXXX XXXX measuring 13 mm and one measuring 16 mm in diameter. The smaller one appears to be within the right upper lobe and the large XXXX appears to be within the left lower lobe. No focal consolidation and no other pulmonary nodules are identified. However, if a full evaluation for lung nodules is desired consider XXXX for further evaluation. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
875.xml, Chest. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. Left knee. The right total knee prosthesis remains in XXXX. The medial compartment is markedly narrow. Large osteophytes are present on the left femur and tibial lateral plateaus.
2928.xml, Mediastinum is stable. Retrocardiac lucency XXXX represents a large hiatal hernia, unchanged from prior. The lungs are clear, without focal infiltrate or pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax. Visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. Stable thoracic XXXX deformity.
3157.xml, Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
1101.xml, The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are degenerative changes of the spine.
1864.xml, Heart size borderline enlarged. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Dense nodule in the right lower lobe suggests a previous granulomatous process.
2787.xml, No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Heart size is upper limits of normal. Pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. XXXX XXXX are intact.
3727.xml, Lung volumes are low. No focal infiltrates. Heart and pulmonary XXXX normal. An indwelling catheter from the left has its tip at the superior XXXX XXXX.
3341.xml, Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
3475.xml, The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
1745.xml, Frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size cardiac silhouette, allowing for an AP projection. Normal contour of the mediastinum and aorta. Grossly clear lungs. No obvious pneumothorax or hemothorax. No acute displaced clavicle or rib fractures.
738.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
1254.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
2185.xml, There are low lung volumes with bibasilar opacities XXXX representing subsegmental atelectasis. The cardio the cardiac silhouette is of the XXXX of normal. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
1110.xml, Cardiomediastinal contours within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. There are scattered calcified testes bilaterally, consistent with prior granulomatous infection, stable. No XXXX focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion, no pneumothorax. Bony structures unremarkable.
1547.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. Prominent left epicardial fat XXXX.
434.xml, Sternotomy XXXX appear intact. Borderline heart size. Aortic calcification noted. Calcified mediastinal lymph XXXX unchanged. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There is hyperexpansion of the lungs with flattening of the diaphragms. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.
3087.xml, The heart is enlarged. The mediastinal contours are stable. Large hiatal hernia is identified containing stomach and colon. Questionable small bowel loops are also visualized inthe large hernia. There is adjacent compressive atelectasis. The lungs are clear.
2894.xml, The tracheostomy tube is in stable position. Right subclavian catheter tip is in the lower SVC. The left upper extremity PICC tip is in the mid SVC. Surgical XXXX overlie the soft tissues of the neck. The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax.
335.xml, A left-sided hemodialysis catheter is in XXXX with its distal tip at the right atrium. The cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is no focal opacity. There is no pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion.
3056.xml, There is a XXXX moderate layering right pleural effusion with air fluid level noted. XXXX airspace opacity at the superior segment of the right lower lobe. No visualized pneumothorax. The right lateral heart XXXX is obscured. The left lung is clear without focal consolidation. No visualized pneumothorax. No acute bone abnormality.
2369.xml, Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. There is bibasal interstitial opacity and left basal platelike opacity XXXX due to discoid atelectasis and/or XXXX scarring. There are emphysematous changes, particularly within the right upper lobe. No XXXX focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
991.xml, The heart size is upper limits of normal. The pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is mild streaky perihilar opacity without confluent airspace opacity to suggest a bacterial pneumonia.
1398.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Mild right basilar atelectasis and relative elevation of the right hemidiaphragm noted. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
3980.xml, Heart size moderately enlarged. Mild left costophrenic XXXX blunting. Streaky and patchy bibasilar opacities, left greater than right. Right hemidiaphragm eventration noted. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.
1354.xml, The heart is normal in size and contour. The lung volumes are low with bronchovascular crowding. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.
3327.xml, There is enlargement of the cardiac silhouette. There is a focal opacity within the right upper lung. There is dense calcification of the thoracic aorta. There is no pneumothorax. There is no large pleural effusion.
3978.xml, The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. XXXX are intact.
1241.xml, The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There is a scoliosis of the thoracic spine. The ribs, as visualized, appear unremarkable.
1158.xml, Heart size remains slightly large. Aorta remains tortuous. Pulmonary XXXX remain normal. No infiltrates or masses in the lungs.
2778.xml, The pulmonary nodules and masses masses on previous exam are smaller and not definitely seen. The lungs are otherwise clear. Heart size normal. No pneumothorax. There is a right chest XXXX with tip projecting over the lower SVC.
258.xml, Overall hyperexpanded lungs with flattening of the diaphragms consistent with obstructive lung disease. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the spine.
1912.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.
49.xml, The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. There is a calcified granuloma identified in the right suprahilar region. The aorta is mildly tortuous and ectatic. There is asymmetric right apical smooth pleural thickening. There are severe degenerative changes of the XXXX.
2261.xml, Frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. Normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways. No focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. Incidental note XXXX of an azygos fissure. There are surgical clips, perhaps from cholecystectomy, in the right upper quadrant.
2271.xml, Again observed is a curvilinear density in the right midlung zone which may represent some pulmonary scarring or thickening of the right XXXX fissure. There is minimal blunting of the right posterior costophrenic XXXX, consistent with a small effusion and/or pleural scarring. The lung parenchyma is otherwise clear. There is mild cardiomegaly. There are degenerative changes and a mild dextroscoliosis in the thoracic spine.
1256.xml, The heart is normal in size and contour. There is mild calcification of the transverse XXXX. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. Degenerative changes of the midthoracic spine are noted.
3152.xml, The lungs are hyperexpanded. There are stable scattered XXXX bilateral opacities, most notable in the left upper lobe, XXXX scarring. No focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia. No large pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Heart size is normal. Thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous and demonstrates atherosclerotic vascular calcification. There are degenerative changes of the spine.
593.xml, No acute cardiopulmonary abnormality. Extensive degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Mildly enlarged heart. Tortuous aorta. Aortic calcifications. No focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
1500.xml, Normal heart size. Aortic calcification. Granulomatous nodule left midlung, stable. No acute pulmonary abnormalities. Thoracic spondylosis.
1324.xml, No there is an dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation.
3726.xml, Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
2717.xml, The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.
803.xml, There is a left chest wall cardiac XXXX generator with 2 leads, one projecting over the right atrium and one projecting over the right XXXX. The heart is near top normal in size with normal appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. The lungs are clear without focal air space opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There are degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
671.xml, XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. There are calcified mediastinal perihilar pulmonary nodules consistent with sequela of old granulomatous infection. No acute lung infiltrates. Aortic XXXX appear unremarkable. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.
1011.xml, The heart is top normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.
393.xml, Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. No acute osseous abnormality identified.
3389.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
697.xml, There is obscuration of the left hemidiaphragm, suggesting left retrocardiac airspace disease. This is not identified in the lateral view, which is limited by rotation. No evidence for effusion.
1577.xml, Heart size is normal. Low lung volumes. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Bony structures grossly intact.
535.xml, There is S-shaped thoracolumbar scoliosis. There are T-spine osteophytes. XXXX opacity in the left lower lobe XXXX represents atelectasis or scarring. There is no pneumothorax. There is no large pleural effusion. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. There is no lobar pneumonia. There are calcified hilar lymph XXXX.
644.xml, The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.
3659.xml, Patient is status post CABG. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Calcified granuloma is noted.
622.xml, Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
2529.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
1686.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No change calcified aorticopulmonary XXXX node.
3762.xml, Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Calcified left coronary arteries noted. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.
3482.xml, Severe emphysematous disease is again noted. Multifocal areas of scarring are unchanged in appearance. No pneumothorax. Heart size is normal.
9.xml, The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiac silhouette is not enlarged. There has been apparent interval increase in low density convexity at the left cardiophrenic XXXX. Calcified granuloma is again seen in the right upper lobe. There is no consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
3693.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. The previously seen right upper lobe mass lesion is not seen in XXXX study. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
1813.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Lung volumes are low normal. There are no acute bony findings.
3091.xml, The heart size is mildly enlarged. The patient is post aortic valve replacement. The XXXX sternotomy XXXX are intact. The pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There mild degenerative changes of the spine.
3534.xml, Lungs are clear bilaterally. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Heart size is normal. Stable right paratracheal prominence, consistent with known calcified lymph node, seen on prior CT chest dated XXXX. XXXX are unremarkable.
2392.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. No acute osseous abnormality.
3970.xml, Lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX and soft tissues are unremarkable.
2982.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. XXXX scarring is noted in the lingula. The lungs are clear.
127.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. Calcified granuloma in the left lung base. No focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. No acute osseous abnormality.
165.xml, There is some minimal biapical scarring. A calcified granuloma is present in the right middle lobe. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
1204.xml, PA and lateral views the chest were obtained. Heart size is upper limits normal or mildly enlarged. The thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous. Pulmonary XXXX are within normal limits. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation.
1212.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.
3574.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Suspected XXXX artifact over the bilateral neck soft tissues and supraclavicular fossae. Normal XXXX.
839.xml, Heart size normal. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Lungs are clear. Soft tissues and XXXX are unremarkable.
896.xml, Three images submitted. Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute osseous findings.
1620.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. The lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. XXXX lucency under the right hemidiaphragm may represent a focus of free air.
2186.xml, The lungs appear clear. Lung volumes are low. The heart and pulmonary XXXX appear normal. Pleural spaces are clear.
2474.xml, Patchy interstitial infiltrates have developed in both lower lobes. Both costophrenic XXXX are blunted. Aorta is somewhat tortuous, with the heart size is normal. Pulmonary XXXX are normal.
3160.xml, Heart size is upper limits of normal and stable. They're multiple radiopaque densities overlying the patient.. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Degenerative changes of the spinal.
1625.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic XXXX are present. The lungs are clear.
3904.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Bony thorax is unremarkable.
3304.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. Pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. The lungs are well-aerated. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. There is levoscoliosis of the thoracic spine.
1801.xml, Stable mild cardiomegaly. Mediastinal contours are unchanged. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
2403.xml, The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. The lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The XXXX are intact. Stable left basilar atelectasis versus scarring.
2021.xml, Stable borderline cardiomegaly, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. No alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.
683.xml, The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.
2038.xml, The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. There is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The osseous structures are intact.
3121.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. Calcified granuloma right midlung. No focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
2470.xml, The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. No focal airspace disease. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.
2837.xml, Rounded 1.4 cm projecting retrosternally on lateral view only. No focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Negative for pneumoperitoneum.
3476.xml, There is a stable appearing left-sided XXXX. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged. Stable sequela prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Degenerative endplate changes of the spine.
2492.xml, The The cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal. Atherosclerotic changes are present in the thoracic aorta. The lungs are clear with no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax . Deformity of multiple left anterior ribs are present from previous fractures. Lumbar scoliosis is noted.
2592.xml, The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal.
3222.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
2528.xml, The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.
774.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are mildly hyperexpanded but clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
3394.xml, The cardiac contours are normal. XXXX scarring left base. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.
639.xml, Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
23.xml, The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
1469.xml, There is no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax.
702.xml, The left lung is grossly clear. The right lung demonstrates a large right pleural effusion with associated atelectatic collapse of the right middle lobe and partial collapse of the right lower lobe. XXXX opacities are seen within the aerated right lung, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis. No focal consolidation or pneumothorax identified. No acute osseous abnormality. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is stable compared to prior examinations.
2071.xml, There are no focal airspace opacities within the lungs. There is a 1 cm nodular density projecting in the right midlung between the third and fourth right anterior ribs which does not appear to be present on the prior XXXX. To the pulmonary interstitium is not clear, making it the vasculature somewhat indistinct in the mid and lower lungs. This may reflect XXXX parenchymal nodules. XXXX nodules were identified on the prior chest CT. Mediastinal contours appear grossly normal. There are small calcified left hilar lymph XXXX. The heart and pulmonary XXXX otherwise appear normal. Pleural spaces appear clear.
3195.xml, There is a left base opacity. The right lung is grossly clear. Heart size is normal. Left venous catheter with tip in the right atrium. There is no pneumothorax.
2949.xml, Scattered calcified pulmonary nodules, XXXX represents calcified granulomas. Lungs are clear bilaterally. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Stable calcified hilar and mediastinal lymph XXXX, XXXX decreased in size from prior exam. Heart size is normal. XXXX are unremarkable.
2854.xml, Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.
1421.xml, The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is persistent stable appearing right apical scarring. There is persistent left basilar scarring. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
1561.xml, Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Soft tissues unremarkable
2453.xml, Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.
2897.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
348.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contour normal. Lungs are clear. Pulmonary vascularity normal. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Minimal degenerative changes thoracic spine.
240.xml, Chest. There is no change in the strandy scarring in the right apex. No XXXX infiltrates or masses in the lungs. Heart and mediastinum remain normal. Lumbosacral spine. disc spaces are old narrow, and large osteophytes present on the vertebral bodies, worst at L2-L3. XXXX elements from L4 through S1 are sclerotic. Sacrum and sacroiliac joints are normal. Calcific aortic disease is present.
3840.xml, No acute osseous abnormality. Degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. Soft tissue structures are within normal limits. There is stable enlargement of the heart. Stable prominent mediastinal contours. Central vascular congestion. Mildly low lung volumes bilaterally. Bibasilar and left perihilar airspace opacities. XXXX bilateral pleural effusions. No pneumothorax.
3174.xml, The lungs are hyperinflated with biapical pleural-parenchymal scarring and upward retraction of the XXXX, similar to the prior study. There are multiple reticular-nodular opacities in the upper lobes bilaterally which appear grossly stable from the prior study. There is no evidence of XXXX, focal airspace disease. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Heart size is normal.
2891.xml, Both lungs remain clear and expanded. No focal parenchymal infiltrates or pleural air collections. Heart and aorta are normal. No change in the large hiatus hernia. Pelvis. Bone density is decreased. Hips are normal and symmetric. No fractures, dislocations, or bone destruction. Note XXXX of a severe rotatory dextroscoliosis in the lumbar spine.
3895.xml, There are scattered XXXX opacities in the left lower lobe. Cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. There is prominence of the right and left hilum XXXX representing enlargement of the central pulmonary arteries. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bone abnormality.
204.xml, Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
3071.xml, Heart size is normal. The lungs are clear. There are no focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. Normal pulmonary vascularity.
1779.xml, Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
1091.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
718.xml, The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. There is mild scoliosis of the spine.
415.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are grossly clear. Bilateral breast prostheses are noted.
464.xml, Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.
1509.xml, Lungs are clear bilaterally.There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX are unremarkable.
3785.xml, No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Mildly prominent perihilar opacities, XXXX due to bronchovascular crowding. Heart size within normal limits. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is XXXX. The bony structures appear intact.
2637.xml, Moderate-to-marked enlargement of the cardiac silhouette, mediastinal contours appear similar to prior. Mild bilateral posterior sulcus blunting, interstitial and alveolar opacities greatest in the central lungs and bases with indistinct vascular margination.
312.xml, Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. Left-sided aortic XXXX. Pulmonary vasculatures are within normal limits. Central airways are XXXX. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Bony structure are grossly unremarkable.
488.xml, Broken of the 4XXXX XXXX XXXX, similar to the prior study. Stable multiple surgical clips in the left hilar area. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Pulmonary vasculatures are within normal limits. No XXXX focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Unremarkable bony structure.
2399.xml, Left lung clear. Questioned some vague right lower lobe opacity on the frontal film. XXXX subsegmental atelectasis or scar seen on lateral view. Cardiac silhouette borderline in size within LV contour. XXXX sulci. XXXX unremarkable.
6.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. There is no focal airspace consolidation or suspicious pulmonary opacity. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Mild degenerative change of the thoracic spine.
1052.xml, The trachea is midline. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is normal in contour with overlying sternotomy XXXX. The lungs are clear without acute infiltrate, effusion or pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no fractures or dislocations.
3935.xml, Left PICC line remains in XXXX. The tip projects over the upper SVC. It has moved outward since the previous study. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Previously present left base airspace disease has cleared. There is blunting of the right costophrenic XXXX which may represent small amount of pleural effusion or pleural reaction. Some scattered bandlike opacities are present which appear to represent scars. Degenerative changes are present in the right shoulder.
197.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Lungs are hyperexpanded but clear without evidence of effusion or infiltrate. There is a small right lower lobe calcified granuloma that is unchanged from prior examinations. No acute bony abnormality. No pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum.
2152.xml, Normal heart size. Normal mediastinal silhouette. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or suspicious focal air space opacity.
2663.xml, The lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal.
1833.xml, There is a small area of scarring or atelectasis in the left base. Calcified granulomas seen in the posterior right lower lobe. Lungs are otherwise clear. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal.
3262.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
2908.xml, Heart size is upper limits of normal but stable. Mediastinal contours are within normal limits.. Chronically increased interstitial markings without focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax. Degenerative changes of the spine.
3963.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are well-inflated and grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. There is a XXXX-A-XXXX terminating in the superior XXXX XXXX. There are surgical clips in the left breast and axilla.
3275.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Mild degenerative changes of the spine.
2354.xml, Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Normal heart and mediastinal contours. Normal pulmonary vasculature. Bony thorax intact.
322.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. Chronic appearing interstitial markings The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Degenerative changes of the spine.
3132.xml, The XXXX and soft tissue appear normal. The cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are normal. The aortic XXXX is on the left. The trachea is well seen and appears normal. The lungs are clear.
856.xml, Limited evaluation of the lateral view due to rotation and frontal view due to motion artifact. Stable mild cardiomegaly. Normal pulmonary vascularity. The lungs are clear. No focal consolidation, visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusions. XXXX XXXX opacities are related to overlying soft tissues. The posterior sulci are clear. Degenerative changes of the spine.
2149.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. The thoracic aorta is calcified. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Minimal osteophytes of the thoracic spine. No acute, displaced rib fractures. A calcified granuloma is demonstrated in the left upper lobe.
1266.xml, The lungs are clear. There are calcified granulomas. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax.
2816.xml, The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Stable calcified granuloma in the left midlung. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
2804.xml, Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No nodules or adenopathy is identified.
2726.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is within normal limits. The study is somewhat limited. No focal consolidation is seen.
1882.xml, Clear lungs bilaterally. Normal cardiac contours. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
3116.xml, The cardiac silhouette is enlarged. There are bibasilar airspace opacities left greater than right with small right pleural effusion. No visualized pneumothorax.
1635.xml, The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Calcified granuloma is present in the right lung base. Bibasilar bandlike opacities are present. The appearance XXXX scarring or atelectasis.
695.xml, There is persistent mild elevation right hemidiaphragm. There is suggestion of subtle patchy opacities in lower lung XXXX bilaterally. This is XXXX to be similar to XXXX scan. The heart is normal. The aorta is calcified and tortuous. The skeletal structures show scoliosis and arthritic changes.
726.xml, Heart size within normal limits. Prominent right perihilar density consistent with lymphadenopathy, previously partially demonstrated XXXX abdomen and pelvis XXXX, XXXX. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. TIPS noted.
3186.xml, The lungs are hypoventilated. There is no focal consolidation. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
1738.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Mild aortic tortuosity. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.
160.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is patchy infiltrate within normal right lower lobe. Mild XXXX opacities in the retrocardiac region. No large effusions or pneumothorax.
895.xml, Frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. Normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways. No focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. The right pneumothorax is not appreciated. Pneumomediastinum is also less perceptible. There is a mid right clavicle comminuted fracture. There are lateral mid right rib deformities, perhaps due to fractures as well.
2983.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No focal consolidation. There is right lower lobe scarring. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Granulomas present. No acute bony abnormalities.
1914.xml, Stable heart size. Diffuse bilateral interstitial opacities. No pneumothorax. No effusions. No acute bony abnormalities.
584.xml, There are no focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary opacities. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Osseous structures intact.
597.xml, There are XXXX bilateral lower lobe opacities. No pleural effusion. No pneumothorax is identified. Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. There is lucency beneath the diaphragm, consistent with pneumoperitoneum. Cholecystectomy clips are noted in the right upper quadrant.
1419.xml, Cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal. There is mild bibasilar focal atelectasis. No evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Minimal atherosclerotic changes are present in the thoracic aorta.
3893.xml, There are mildly diminished lung volumes. Cardiac silhouette is normal in size. Normal mediastinal contour and pulmonary vasculature. The lungs are without focal airspace consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces.
3760.xml, XXXX sternotomy XXXX remain in XXXX. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. The thoracic aorta is tortuous. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No acute, displaced rib fractures identified.
3146.xml, No focal lung consolidation. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Osseous structures are grossly intact.
3841.xml, No acute osseous abnormalities. Mild thoracic spine degenerative changes. Soft tissues are within normal limits. No focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.
848.xml, The heart and mediastinal contours are stable. Aorta is tortuous and calcified, compatible with atherosclerosis. The lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. There is a calcified granuloma in the right lower lung. Severe degenerative changes of both XXXX. The medial lung apices are obscured by the patient's mandible.
2120.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.
2782.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
366.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.
3253.xml, PA and lateral views the chest were obtained. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. The lungs are well aerated. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation.
2161.xml, The heart size is upper limits of normal. Mediastinal contour appears normal and pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. Otherwise, no focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The visualized osseous structures appear intact.
2783.xml, No interval change is found in the bony thorax. The heart size remains normal with an ectatic tortuous aorta. The pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. Lungs are free of infiltrate and there is no pleural effusion. The fullness to the right hilum is again noted but this is unchanged suggesting no progression of the retrohilar nodule XXXX on the CT scan. No XXXX pulmonary nodule is found.
2138.xml, Normal heart size. Stable tortuous thoracic aorta. Prior granulomatous disease. Healed rib fractures appear stable. Focal opacity is noted in the left midlung overlying the 9th posterior rib which XXXX represents healing rib callus. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
3293.xml, Lung volumes are low. The heart is large, and the pulmonary XXXX are engorged. Bibasilar interstitial infiltrates are present. Bilateral costophrenic XXXX blunting is present.
3314.xml, Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
2934.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are mildly hyperlucent but clear. There is denser lumbar scoliosis.
3917.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Mild cardiomegaly without acute cardiac abnormality. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
483.xml, There is flattening of hemidiaphragms. There are prominent interstitial markings. There is no focal consolidation to suggest pneumonia. There are atherosclerotic institutions of the aorta. The heart is of the first limits of normal size. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
659.xml, Heart size within normal limits. Tortuous aorta. Low lung volumes with no focal consolidations. No pneumothorax or effusion. Moderate degenerative disc disease in the midthoracic spine.
313.xml, The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiac silhouette is moderately enlarged with a cardiothoracic ratio of 16.2/24.7. Diffuse coarse interstitial opacity seen throughout the lungs with perihilar and lower lobe predominance. There is right greater than left bibasilar consolidation. There are small pleural effusions, right larger than left. No evidence of pneumothorax. Dense atherosclerotic calcification seen involving the thoracic and upper abdominal aorta.
3065.xml, Lungs are XXXX without focal airspace disease. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is normal status post XXXX sternotomy. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine. incidental note is XXXX of previous left rotator XXXX repair.
1105.xml, Mild cardiomegaly. Mediastinal normal width. Pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. The lungs are well-aerated. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. XXXX scarring or atelectasis right midlung.
3972.xml, Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Bilateral hilar fullness is present consistent with adenopathy. The appearance is unchanged. There is prominence of the interstitial markings bilaterally. These are also unchanged. No focal superimposed airspace disease is seen. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is noted.
3155.xml, Heart size mildly enlarged with enlarged right atrium. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No pneumothorax.
1175.xml, Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
2852.xml, Normal cardiac contours. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities. Clear lung XXXX bilaterally. No intervertebral disc narrowing or loss of vertebral body XXXX.
2132.xml, The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Stable granuloma in the left lower lung zone. Thoracic spondylosis.
3223.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.
3616.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. The aorta is atherosclerotic. There are emphysematous changes with increased interstitial markings, particularly in the periphery and lung bases. The lungs are clear of focal infiltrates. There is no pleural effusion.
1631.xml, There are a few small nodular opacities in the left lung, XXXX seen on the frontal view overlying the left 6th posterior rib. Lungs otherwise appear clear. No focal airspace consolidation. No overt pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. Calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph XXXX are consistent with prior granulomatous disease. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
3456.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Low lung volumes without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality.
612.xml, Interval performance of anterior cervical spinal fusion, XXXX intact without complicating features. There is stable cardiomegaly, with persistent bibasilar opacities XXXX atelectasis and/or infiltrate. No XXXX focal consolidations, pneumothorax, or pleural effusions. The visualized osseous structures demonstrate mild multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine, without acute osseous abnormality.
210.xml, There are numerous surgical clips at the thoracic inlet. Small areas of XXXX scarring are seen in the left base. The lungs are otherwise clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal.
3866.xml, Patchy airspace disease is noted within the right middle lobe. Subtle opacities are present within the lingula as well. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The heart size is normal.
2749.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Old right-sided rib deformities are noted.
3887.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal suggests possible right XXXX versus dextrocardia. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
2041.xml, No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusions. Heart size is normal. No acute focal space opacities.
156.xml, Stable left-sided ICD and postsurgical changes consistent with prior CABG. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Mild degenerative endplate changes of the spine.
3738.xml, The heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.
168.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax demonstrates stable mild multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine as well as chronic left-sided rib fractures without acute abnormality.
99.xml, Normal heart and mediastinum. Clear lungs. Trachea is midline. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Radiopaque foreign body overlying left chest.
1088.xml, Heart is within normal limits. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Mild streaky opacity lateral right lung, atelectasis versus scarring.
263.xml, Lungs are clear. Heart size normal. The XXXX are unremarkable.
3373.xml, The heart is normal size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. The XXXX are unremarkable.
1780.xml, Lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX and soft tissues are unremarkable.
620.xml, There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Stable left lower lobe scarring. Normal heart size and pulmonary vascularity. There are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine noted.
3722.xml, The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax.
1917.xml, The lungs are clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. Pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal. There is no pneumothorax.
1436.xml, The cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There are calcifications of the aortic XXXX. The lungs are hyperinflated with increased retrosternal airspace and flattening of hemidiaphragms. There is haziness in the right lung apex. There is a 1.7 cm nodular density in the medial right lung base seen on the frontal view, not identified on the lateral view. This may represent a vessel on end. There is no consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
1806.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
3168.xml, Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Chronic appearing left lateral rib deformities.
86.xml, Heart size is within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidations. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
3897.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.
849.xml, Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. The lungs are free of any focal airspace disease. In the left lung base, there is a 9 mm nodule that not definitively calcified. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormalities.
2756.xml, Right lower lobe infiltrate. The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion. The heart size is normal. There has been interval placement of a left chest XXXX, with its distal tip in the Left sided SVC
3134.xml, Lungs appear clear. Heart and pulmonary XXXX appear normal. Pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal. No pneumothorax.
2538.xml, Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No abnormal airspace opacities or large cavitary lung lesions. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
3459.xml, Stable appearance of lower cervical fusion XXXX. Heart size normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No focal airspace disease. Calcified nodules consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. Bony structures appear intact. DISH of the thoracic spine.
269.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. Pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. The lungs are well-aerated. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation.
3793.xml, No acute osseous abnormality. Scattered degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. Normal heart size. Tortuous and dilated aorta. Chronic interstitial markings. Left base opacity. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
2693.xml, There are low lung volumes. The cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion.
577.xml, The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. The visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
276.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
2175.xml, The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. The lungs are well expanded and clear. There are no focal air space opacities. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. The bony structures of the thorax are intact with no evidence of acute osseous abnormality.
2048.xml, The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Stable right lower lobe calcified granulomas. Thin XXXX lingular scar, unchanged. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Surgical clips are visualized in the right upper quadrant.
574.xml, Cardiac silhouette is unchanged. Aorta is calcified ectatic and tortuous. No pneumothorax. Basilar reticular opacities XXXX represent chronic scarring or atelectasis. There is a hiatal hernia.
946.xml, Heart size is normal. The lungs are clear. There are no focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. Normal pulmonary vascularity.
2699.xml, The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. Multiple punctate round XXXX XXXX over the abdomen on the lateral view. These may reside within, or outside of the patient.
2921.xml, Minimal left costophrenic XXXX airspace disease and/or pleural effusion. Lungs are otherwise clear. No pneumothorax. Heart and mediastinum are stable with normal sized heart. There is tortuosity and ectasia of the aorta. Degenerative changes in the spine.
1609.xml, Calcified lymph XXXX in both XXXX. XXXX amount of focal atelectasis posterior to the left heart. The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or large focal airspace consolidation. The heart size is normal.
2165.xml, Low lung volumes are present. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. There has been interval development of bibasilar opacities. The appearance of the right base opacity XXXX atelectasis. The left base opacities could represent early pneumonia or areas of atelectasis. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.
1574.xml, Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.
1579.xml, The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal.
864.xml, Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with tortuous thoracic aorta. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or suspicious focal air space opacity. Stable right lung base scarring.
3041.xml, Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
3953.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
1829.xml, XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. Removal of 2 left-sided chest tubes. There is no pneumothorax. Lungs demonstrate no acute findings. There is minimal posterior pleural effusions.
1083.xml, Frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary XXXX and vasculature, central airways and aeration of the lungs. No pleural effusion. There are gastroesophageal junction and epigastric postsurgical changes.
2243.xml, The heart is normal size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. There is a stable calcified granuloma within the left lower lobe. There are stable chronic degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
3517.xml, Normal heart size. Aortic atherosclerotic calcifications. Right IJ central venous catheter tip in region of mid SVC. There are 2 AICD leads, one tip in expected region of right atrium and one tip in expected region of right ventricle. There is no pulmonary edema. There is no focal consolidation. There are no XXXX of a large pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pneumothorax.
1583.xml, Heart size within normal limits. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Mild spine curvature noted.
3594.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. No focal airspace consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
3306.xml, The heart is borderline size. Aorta is atherosclerotic. The mediastinum is stable. The lungs are clear.
2447.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. Calcified right hilar lymph XXXX are demonstrated. Atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic XXXX. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Mild to moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
3961.xml, The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. There is a streaky opacity within the right upper lobe. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
1965.xml, There is moderate cardiomegaly. There are bilateral interstitial opacities, increased since the previous exam. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.
1715.xml, Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Dense nodule again noted in the right lower lobe suggesting a previous granulomatous process.
3375.xml, Heart size is within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidations. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are degenerative changes of the midthoracic spine.
1581.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. There are 2 right upper lobe lung nodules, the largest measuring approximately 12 mm. Lungs are without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Bony thorax is unremarkable.
2227.xml, There is increasing primarily basilar interstitial reticular opacity. Lung volumes are low. There are no focal airspace opacities to suggest lobar pneumonia. Heart size appears normal. The thoracic aorta is calcified. Since the prior study, there has been placement of an electronic cardiac device overlying the left chest wall, the distal leads overlying the right heart. There's no pneumothorax.
1512.xml, The lungs appear clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. Pleural spaces are clear. The mediastinal contours are normal.
185.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Lungs are mildly hypoinflated. Increased XXXX opacities on lateral projection XXXX reflect bronchovascular crowding. There is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion.
1902.xml, Normal and stable cardiomediastinal contours. No pneumothorax, pleural effusions or significant pulmonary edema. No focal lung consolidation.
1760.xml, Mild cardiomegaly. Small area of platelike atelectasis in left mid lung. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Soft tissue and bony structures unremarkable.
686.xml, Cardiomegaly with unfolded aorta. There is no pulmonary edema. There is no focal consolidation. There are no XXXX of a large pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pneumothorax.
777.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. The thoracic aorta is tortuous. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion. Mild degenerative changes and osteopenia of the thoracic spine. Overlying EKG leads.
2638.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
2926.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.
822.xml, The lungs remain hyperexpanded. There are persistent XXXX bilateral lower lobe opacities, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis and scarring. No XXXX focal infiltrate is identified. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
2441.xml, There is mild blunting of the right costophrenic XXXX which may represent a small right pleural effusion. No focal consolidation or pneumothorax identified. Cardiomediastinal silhouette demonstrates stable mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta, and heart size within normal limits and stable. No acute osseous abnormality. There is redemonstration of mild multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine. Old, healed left rib fractures are noted.
2283.xml, The heart and mediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. The lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, large effusion, or pneumothorax. The XXXX are grossly intact. Interval removal of right PICC. Persistent elevation of the left hemidiaphragm.
3190.xml, The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. There is a vague right suprahilar density with elevation of the XXXX fissure most XXXX mild subsegmental atelectasis though superimposed infection cannot be entirely excluded. The remaining lungs are clear. The visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
1990.xml, PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained. Tracheostomy tube. Probable mild cardiomegaly. Prominence of the central vasculature, unchanged. No pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal consolidation.
235.xml, There is a left-sided biventricular pacemaker. Leads overlie the right ventricle and a lateral cardiac vein. The leads appear intact. The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. There are mild diffuse bilateral interstitial opacities, XXXX pulmonary edema. There are XXXX opacities overlying the left lung base on the frontal view. No large pleural effusion is seen on the lateral view. No pneumothorax is identified.
89.xml, The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. The lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The XXXX are intact.
386.xml, Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
873.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
2640.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
2594.xml, The heart size is normal. Tortuous aorta. Otherwise the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. Low lung volumes. Mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. There is streaky opacity within the right lower lobe. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
406.xml, Heart size normal. No pneumothorax, large pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Bony structures appear intact. Calcified right hilar nodules consistent with chronic granulomatous disease.
3627.xml, No acute osseous abnormality. Scattered degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Soft tissues are within normal limits. Normal heart size. Stable elevation right hemidiaphragm compared to exam on XXXX. Bilateral hilar lymph XXXX. No focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax. Bibasilar atelectasis.
5.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. Cholecystectomy clips are present. Small T-spine osteophytes. There is biapical pleural thickening, unchanged from prior. Mildly hyperexpanded lungs.
601.xml, Right dual-lumen internal jugular central venous catheter seen with tip overlying the cavoatrial junction. Heart size at the upper limits of normal. Low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. Patchy bibasilar air airspace opacities right greater than left. No visualized pneumothorax. Prominence of the mediastinum consistent with history of sarcoid.
1840.xml, PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. The lungs are well aerated. There is asymmetric opacity to left suprahilar chest. No discrete correlate is seen on lateral view. Findings may reflect focal airspace disease or adenopathy. No pleural effusion. No pneumothorax.
56.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.
2437.xml, The lungs appear clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. Mediastinal contours are normal. The pleural spaces are clear.
1015.xml, Streaky and patchy bibasilar opacities, triangular density projected over the heart on the lateral view. No definite pleural effusion seen, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. Considering differences in technical factors XXXX stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size.
2030.xml, There is hyperinflation lungs due to small calcification is seen posteriorly in the right which may be pleural. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
899.xml, The lungs are clear. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The Heart and mediastinum are normal size and shape. XXXX and soft tissues are unremarkable.
1871.xml, The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. There is no focal airspace opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No acute bony abnormality is identified.
969.xml, Heart size upper limits of normal but stable. Tortuous aorta. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
3807.xml, There are stable postoperative changes of left thoracotomy and left upper lobectomy. The lungs are clear. No focal airspace consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is seen. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. Normal heart size and mediastinal contour.
2058.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are mildly hypoinflated but clear.
2313.xml, The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There has been XXXX XXXX sternotomy. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal.
3397.xml, There is stable cardiomegaly. Pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. Defibrillator XXXX is in stable position. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There is no focal airspace disease.
3406.xml, The heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Calcified granuloma in the left midlung. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.
475.xml, Frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. Normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways. No focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
1943.xml, Heart size normal. Mediastinum unremarkable. Pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Lungs symmetrically aerated without focal infiltrate or consolidation. Multiple scattered calcified granulomas are present bilaterally. No focal volume loss evident. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Bony thorax unremarkable.
3050.xml, Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
82.xml, No airspace disease, effusion or noncalcified nodule. Normal heart size and mediastinum. Left axillary surgical clips unchanged Visualized XXXX of the chest XXXX are within normal limits.
838.xml, Stable prominence of the cardiac apex, XXXX from ventricular hypertrophy. Mid sternotomy XXXX again noted. No pneumothorax, significant pulmonary edema or large pleural effusions. No focal lung consolidation. Clips in the right upper quadrant consistent with cholecystectomy. Dextroscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine.
2813.xml, Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or effusion. Mild degenerative change in the thoracic spine.
3543.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. Multiple calcified granulomas in the bilateral XXXX and lung parenchyma. No focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. No acute osseous abnormality.
255.xml, Lungs are clear. No focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Heart and mediastinal contours are normal. Osseous structures intact.
1187.xml, Minimally increased XXXX airspace opacities bilaterally, most prominent in the lung bases. Heart size is within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Osseous structures are grossly intact.
2083.xml, Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.
3495.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
1826.xml, The central airway is midline and is XXXX. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. There is no focal lung consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax seen. The osseous structures appear within normal limits.
3763.xml, Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
3105.xml, Heart and mediastinum within normal limits. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.
112.xml, Previous lower spine cervical fusion. Lungs are overall hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms consistent with obstructive lung disease. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the spine.
3085.xml, Normal cardiomediastinal contours. Marrow pneumothorax, focal lung consolidation or pleural effusions.
95.xml, There is a single calcified granuloma in the right lung base. The lungs are otherwise grossly clear bilaterally. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. There are cholecystectomy clips in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen. Small T-spine osteophytes are noted.
1167.xml, The lungs are hyperexpanded. There are XXXX opacities in the lingula, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is within normal limits. There is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. There are degenerative changes of the spine.
2728.xml, Lungs remain hyperexpanded. No change in the right middle lobe opacification. No XXXX infiltrates or masses. Pulmonary arteries are prominent centrally.
3839.xml, The heart is borderline in size. The mediastinum is stable. Small calcified lymph XXXX are seen. Dual-XXXX left subclavian pacemaker is identified in satisfactory position. The right hemidiaphragm is again elevated. There are XXXX streaky areas of atelectasis. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax are seen.
2340.xml, Chest. Lung volumes are low, but no focal infiltrates are present. Heart and mediastinum remain normal. Abdomen. Multiple slightly distended loops are present from stomach to rectum. Formed stool is present in the rectum.
1365.xml, Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. No alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax. Small rounded bilateral axillary densities not seen on the previous exam most suggestive of artifacts, healed right lateral 10th rib fracture noted..
485.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
3422.xml, Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
770.xml, Cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The visualized osseous structures appear intact.
1850.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
2376.xml, The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours, lungs, pleura, osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are normal.
2562.xml, The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. Low lung volumes and bronchovascular crowding. Mild bibasilar opacities, XXXX atelectasis. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. Stable degenerative change throughout the thoracic spine. Stable thoracolumbar retrolisthesis. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
2985.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax demonstrate stable, mild multilevel thoracolumbar degenerative disc disease without acute abnormality. Upper abdominal midline surgical sutures are likewise stable.
877.xml, XXXX sternotomy XXXX appear intact. Surgical clips overlying the mediastinum. Mitral valve replacement seen. Low lung volumes. The interstitial markings appear prominent, which may represent interstitial edema. There is mild blunting of the posterior sulcus on the lateral view, which could represent a small effusion. No pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality.
1894.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Subtle increased opacity of right mid hemithorax XXXX related to superimposed soft tissues. The lungs are otherwise clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
211.xml, Normal heart size. Clear lungs. Trachea is midline. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion.
2411.xml, Mild cardiomegaly, stable mediastinal contours. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Mild bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
2479.xml, There is a right-sided chest XXXX identified whose distal tip projects over the SVC. Heart size is normal. Low lung volumes with elevated right hemidiaphragm. The lungs are grossly clear. No focal infiltrate. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Normal mediastinal and hilar contours. Degenerative changes of the spine.
1126.xml, XXXX sternotomy XXXX and mediastinal surgical clips remain in XXXX. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. The thoracic aorta is tortuous and calcified with stable appearance since XXXX exam. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. Scattered right basilar subsegmental atelectasis. The left lung appears clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion present. Moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Osteopenia. Mild loss of XXXX of a mid thoracic vertebral body.
344.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
1697.xml, Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.
2821.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Aortic calcifications and tortuosity. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute osseous findings. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
2331.xml, The heart is near top normal in size with tortuosity of the aorta. The pulmonary vascular markings are symmetric and normal. There are low lung volumes with XXXX opacities consistent with focal atelectasis. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There are degenerative changes in thoracic spine and thoracic kyphosis.
3436.xml, The lungs appear hyperexpanded suggesting emphysema. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. Calcified granuloma is identified. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.
1244.xml, Redemonstration of colonic interposition overlying the mediastinum. There are increased bibasilar airspace opacities, left greater than right. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
1981.xml, The heart is normal size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. Chronic degenerative changes are present within the spine.
3450.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.
430.xml, Lungs are clear. No focal infiltrate or effusion. No pneumothorax. Heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. Visualized osseous structures intact.
286.xml, Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Calcified left suprahilar XXXX. The heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. Bony structures are intact.
1925.xml, The heart is normal in size. There is bihilar prominence. The lungs are clear.
3324.xml, The heart is normal in size. Atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta. The mediastinum is stable. There is again soft tissue density projected over the right mid chest, XXXX patient's known large breast mass. The appearance is grossly stable to decreased from prior study. The lateral projection is suboptimal as patient could not raise XXXX. There is no pleural effusion.
1468.xml, The lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The XXXX are unremarkable.
2696.xml, Apparent cardiomegaly XXXX at XXXX partially accentuated by low lung volumes. Relative elevation right hemidiaphragm. Streaky left retrocardiac densities. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Surgical clips near the gastroesophageal junction. Negative for acute bone abnormality.
2523.xml, Heart size within normal limits. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.
2148.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.
3039.xml, Normal heart size. Clear lungs. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
3221.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
3371.xml, Heart size within normal limits. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Calcified right hilar lymph XXXX noted.
2505.xml, Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Calcified aortic XXXX. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable appearance.
2654.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
772.xml, XXXX sternotomy XXXX and numerous mediastinal clips appear stable in position. There is aortic atherosclerotic calcification. The thoracic aorta is tortuous. Stable widening of the upper mediastinum. Stable cardiomegaly. Prominent mitral annular calcification demonstrated on the lateral view. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. XXXX XXXX appear intact.
2067.xml, Heart size is within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidations. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
646.xml, Clear lungs. Normal heart mediastinum. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality. Nipple ring on left.
551.xml, Lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms and increased AP chest diameter, compatible with emphysema. There is no evidence of focal infiltrate, pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or identified mass lesion. There is normal cardiomediastinal contours.
365.xml, The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pleural effusion is identified.
977.xml, The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.
3423.xml, the heart size is normal. There is tortuosity of aorta. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. No focal airspace disease or effusion. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
691.xml, The heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette are stable in size and contour. There is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The osseous structures are intact.
1542.xml, The heart is top normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. The aorta is atherosclerotic. XXXX opacities are noted in the lung bases compatible with scarring or atelectasis. There is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion.
2893.xml, Lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX and soft tissues are unremarkable.
596.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The right chest XXXX tip is visualized in the mid SVC. There is no pneumothorax. The lungs are clear.
1121.xml, The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures show several old rib fractures unchanged in the prior study on the left.
293.xml, Sternotomy XXXX mediastinal clips noted. Heart size within normal limits. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There is XXXX deformity of T6, XXXX since X-XXXX thoracic spine XXXX, XXXX. Mild XXXX deformity of T12, stable. Prior cholecystectomy.
3736.xml, Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine.
1131.xml, 2 images. Calcified granuloma, right lung base. Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No convincing acute bony findings.
1222.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
103.xml, The lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiac contour is within normal limits. Compared to prior exam, there is XXXX prominence of the mediastinal contour near the right hilum. This may represent the ascending aorta or mediastinal lymphadenopathy. CT chest with contrast may be helpful for further evaluation. There are mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
2918.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Pulmonary vasculature and XXXX are normal. No consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Osseous structures and soft tissues are normal.
3765.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
2247.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and appearance. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Lungs are clear.
3047.xml, The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
3821.xml, The lungs are clear, and without focal air space opacity. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
846.xml, Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appears normal limits. Lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Callus or granulomas identified. Left XXXX-A-XXXX remains in XXXX.
1416.xml, The cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal for size. Stable, mild prominence of the bilateral hilar regions. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. Stable XXXX opacity in the left XXXX, XXXX representing a scar. No pleural effusion. Minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No acute, displaced rib fractures.
1630.xml, 2 images. There is a poorly defined lung nodule in the right upper lobe measuring approximately 7 mm and partially superimposed upon anterior right second rib. Otherwise, the lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is normal. Critical result notification documented through Primordial.
3272.xml, Lung volumes remain XXXX. XXXX opacities are present in both lower lobes. Old rib fractures and pleural thickening are present on the right. Heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal.
1633.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
1892.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Stable right lower lobe calcified granuloma. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Spurring of the thoracic spine.
450.xml, No focal consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusions. Heart size normal. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
781.xml, The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.
1115.xml, Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No abnormal airspace opacities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable appearance.
2715.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. There is a 9 mm right lower lobe pulmonary nodule, not seen on prior exams. There are posttraumatic deformities of the right posterior ribs. No focal airspace consolidation or effusion. No pneumothorax.
986.xml, The lungs are clear. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal.
2377.xml, The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
1333.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. Pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. Morgagni hernia, stable. Lungs are expanded and clear of air space disease or consolidation. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Limited evaluation reveals diffuse demineralization with stable anterior wedging at the lower thoracic levels.
2500.xml, The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. The thoracic aorta is unfolded and tortuous. No pneumothorax. There are surgical clips overlying the neck. There are scattered calcified granulomas.
2535.xml, Heart size is within normal limits. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Lungs are clear bilaterally without effusion or pneumothorax. No bony or soft tissue abnormalities.
653.xml, Heart size and vascularity normal. Lungs clear. No effusions or pneumothorax. Limited degenerative change of the spine
455.xml, There are low lung volumes with associated bronchovascular crowding and basilar subsegmental atelectasis. There is stable prominence of the right cardiac silhouette. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. There are stable chronic degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
2844.xml, Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. The lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Left shoulder arthroplasty is noted. Old left rib fractures.
3045.xml, Heart size and vascularity normal. Mediastinal contour normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
1751.xml, Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
321.xml, There are XXXX opacities in the left lung, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis. XXXX opacities overlying the left lung base on the frontal XXXX XXXX reflect epicardial fat XXXX and overlying breast tissue. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is at the upper limits of normal. There are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
2034.xml, Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. XXXX opacities in the right lower lung representing atelectasis versus scarring. Significantly decreased subcutaneous soft tissue since comparison radiograph. Probable pectus deformity. Negative for acute bony abnormality.
953.xml, Stable cardiomegaly. Calcified tortuous aorta. No focal air space disease. Stable chronic lung changes. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Diffuse degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
512.xml, There are no focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious bony opacities. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
2597.xml, The mediastinal and hilar lymph XXXX are less prominent than previously. Heart size remains normal. Lungs are clear.
1674.xml, The previously seen right-sided PICC has been removed. The heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Bony structures are within normal limits.
3587.xml, The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
3507.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal XXXX appear normal. No visible pneumothorax, focal airspace opacity, or pleural effusion is seen. No visible free air under the diaphragm. The osseous structures appear intact. There is a mild dextro scoliotic curvature of the midthoracic spine.
552.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. There are T-spine osteophytes. XXXX calcified granuloma in the right apex.
2146.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.
521.xml, Low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Heart size within normal limits for technique, no typical mediastinal widening of vascular injury. No pleural line of pneumothorax.
948.xml, The heart is top normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. The lungs are clear.
2136.xml, Mediastinal contours are normal. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
3700.xml, Cardiomegaly is present. This is unchanged. There is mild prominence of the pulmonary vascularity which is unchanged. No XXXX focal airspace disease is seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.
2388.xml, Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
2875.xml, Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
1453.xml, Normal cardiomediastinal contours, given patient position and technique. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusions. The lung volumes.
1987.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.
2651.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Bony thorax is unremarkable.
3250.xml, Lungs are relatively clear. Heart size normal. Unfolded aorta. Moderate hiatal hernia. T-spine osteophytes and DISH.
1238.xml, The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
2241.xml, There are biapical opacities, possibly scarring. Lungs otherwise appear clear. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. Right-sided chest XXXX catheter tip is at the lower SVC. Several right axillary surgical clips are noted. There are postoperative changes of right mastectomy.
952.xml, The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Calcified granuloma are noted. A few XXXX opacities are present consistent with XXXX XXXX of scarring or atelectasis.
1639.xml, The lungs are relatively clear with XXXX sulci. Heart size normal in LV contour. Slightly unfolded ascending and descending aorta. T-spine unremarkable.
3369.xml, A large pleural air collection is present on the right. Mediastinum is shifted to the left as compared to the previous examination. The right lower lobe is totally opaque.
3731.xml, Lungs are clear. Heart and mediastinum appear normal. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
630.xml, The lungs appear clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. Pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal. Patient status post XXXX sternotomy and CABG.
3632.xml, Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Calcified aortic XXXX. XXXX opacities in the left lung base, XXXX atelectasis. The lateral view shows a XXXX left pleural effusion. No focal airspace consolidation. No pneumothorax. Stable bilateral apical pleural capping.
640.xml, Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Vascular calcification is noted.
1478.xml, Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size, mediastinal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. Apical irregularities also present on the previous exam suggestive of scarring. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.
2621.xml, Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
3400.xml, Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No convincing acute bony findings.
1413.xml, Heart size is within normal limits for AP technique. Low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. No focal infiltrate. No visible pneumothorax. No pleural effusion.
3657.xml, The heart size is normal. There is vascular congestion in bilateral hilar areas. The lungs are hyperexpanded with flattened diaphragms. No acute bony abnormalities. No effusion or infiltrate. No pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum.
2420.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is within normal limits. Aorta is tortuous. Right chest XXXX tip is visualized at the proximal right atrium. The lungs are grossly clear. No pneumothorax is seen. There are deformities of the left lateral 7th and 8th ribs possibly healing or old fractures.
768.xml, Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal air space opacities. No pleural effusion. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable.
3865.xml, The heart is top normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. The lungs are grossly clear. Bilateral rib deformities are noted, possibly old fractures. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
2224.xml, Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Scattered granulomas and bilateral perihilar calcified lymph XXXX. Stable lingular scarring. No focal consolidation, large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. No bony abnormality.
3792.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
2672.xml, The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.
2199.xml, Right XXXX-A-XXXX tip overlies the mid SVC. Similar bronchiectatic changes with diffuse patchy airspace opacities. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
2964.xml, The lungs are clear. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal.
1548.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. Small T-spine osteophytes.
3305.xml, There is a right PICC with tip overlying the right brachiocephalic vein. The cardiac silhouette is enlarged. No overt pulmonary edema. There are streaky bibasilar opacities. No large pleural effusion. The right hemidiaphragm is elevated. No pneumothorax is identified. There are degenerative changes of the spine. Bilateral surgical clips are noted.
1729.xml, Chronic bilateral emphysematous changes. The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. The lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The XXXX are intact.
3424.xml, The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. There are multiple calcified granulomas within the left lower lobe. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
1748.xml, The heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. There is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic XXXX blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. Bony structures are within normal limits.
2457.xml, The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours, lungs, pleura, osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are normal.
3525.xml, Heart size normal. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. The visualized bony structures appear intact. There is a XXXX radiodensity overlying the right shoulder which is XXXX external to the patient however clinical correlation recommended. Scattered calcified granulomas.
2634.xml, Lungs are clear. No focal infiltrate or effusion. No pneumothorax. Heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. There are significant degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
314.xml, Low lung volumes. Normal heart size. The trachea is midline. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion.
2130.xml, Cardiomegaly is present. There is interstitial pulmonary edema with the presence of XXXX B-lines. There is no pneumothorax. There is an oval, 17 mm nodular opacity projecting between the posterior left 5th and 6th ribs. There is a 10 mm nodular density projecting over the right posterior 4th rib. There is a XXXX posterior effusion. Normal mediastinal silhouette. T-spine osteophytes.
1856.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute osseous findings.
1294.xml, Lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal.
1008.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contours are normal in appearance. No consolidative airspace opacities. No radiographic evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.
471.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Mild pectus excavatum deformity is noted. The lungs are clear.
3438.xml, The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.
818.xml, Heart size is stable. There is focal airspace consolidation in the lateral aspect of the right upper lobe. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. No acute bony abnormalities.
3790.xml, Low lung volumes. Elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. Patchy opacities right base again noted. Left lung clear. Heart size top normal. Aortic calcification. Granulomas. No evidence of pneumothorax. Blunting of the bilateral costophrenic XXXX. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
3698.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
829.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Bony thorax is unremarkable.
193.xml, This is an apical lordotic view the chest. Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
162.xml, Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
72.xml, Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable.
879.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.
2702.xml, Cardiomegaly. Prominent XXXX are stable. Low lung volumes. No pneumothorax. Minimal right costophrenic XXXX blunting. No focal infiltrates.
1607.xml, The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Unchanged multiple XXXX foreign bodies overlying the left clavicle and midline in the posterior soft tissues. The bony thorax is grossly intact.
2013.xml, Heart size within normal limits. Mild XXXX left upper lobe atelectasis or scarring. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Tortuous aorta. Hiatal hernia.
1127.xml, The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. The lung volumes are low. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.
24.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. The pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. Lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Limited bone evaluation reveals no acute abnormality. There is incompletely evaluated lumbar levoscoliosis.
1161.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
2554.xml, This is a stable normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. The lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. Some blunting of the left costophrenic XXXX XXXX represent scarring or atelectasis. No large pneumothorax or effusion. There are no acute osseous abnormalities.
748.xml, Mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Heart size is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
3556.xml, The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There has been a XXXX XXXX sternotomy. The heart is not enlarged. Some atherosclerotic changes of the aorta are seen. The skeletal structures are normal.
2095.xml, Patchy subsegmental atelectasis is seen bibasilar region, no evidence of pneumothorax or pleural effusion is present. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Old fractures seen the left 9th rib.
3930.xml, Lungs are overall hyperexpanded consistent with obstructive lung disease. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses are noted. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is upper limits of normal.
150.xml, Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.
1378.xml, Heart size is normal. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour. The lungs are clear bilaterally without pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pulmonary nodules. Bony structures are intact.
431.xml, The Heart size is normal. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour. The lungs are clear bilaterally. Lateral views obscured by patient body habitus. There is no evidence of apical disease. XXXX are unchanged from previous exam and appear normal. Thoracic spine shows osteophyte formations at several levels.
1185.xml, There is a vagal nerve stimulator with XXXX overlying the left chest. XXXX appears intact without fracture. There is a XXXX opacity within the right lung base, XXXX representing atelectasis. Lungs are otherwise clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax.
2511.xml, Sternotomy XXXX noted. Suture material overlies the left upper lobe. Heart size within normal limits. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Scarring left costophrenic XXXX, unchanged. Calcified granulomas noted.
2081.xml, The lungs are well-expanded and clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The cardiomediastinal contour is normal. No acute osseous lesions are identified.
3115.xml, The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.
1417.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There are increased lucencies in the bilateral apices along with horizontal oblique scarring in the left upper lobe. This could suggest emphysematous bullae. XXXX are grossly unremarkable.
1075.xml, Lungs are hyperinflated with interstitial changes of severe emphysema. There is an ill-defined pleural parenchymal opacity in the left upper lobe. This may represent scarring but is incompletely evaluated on the outside study, without coronal and sagittal reformats. There is mild XXXX scarring and/or atelectasis in the lung bases. Lungs otherwise grossly clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Heart size is normal. There are mild degenerative endplate changes in the thoracic spine. There is generalized osteopenia.
1406.xml, The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. The lungs are hyperexpanded. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.
152.xml, Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with mild cardiomegaly and aortic ectasia and tortuosity. No alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion. Chronic appearing bilateral rib contour deformities compatible with old fractures. No pneumothorax.
2762.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. XXXX are grossly unremarkable. There is evidence of granulomatous disease.
2521.xml, There is a cardiac XXXX generator identified with 1-XXXX projected over the right ventricle. Stable moderate cardiomegaly is demonstrated. The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.
151.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
98.xml, Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Reduced lung volumes with basilar atelectasis. No XXXX focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
2379.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. Lungs are hyperlucent and hyperexpanded. Negative for focal airspace disease or consolidation. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Limited evaluation reveals no acute abnormality.
1787.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Mild granulomatous sequela are noted. The lungs are grossly clear.
2583.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.
115.xml, The lungs are clear. There is hyperinflation of the lungs. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal.
799.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. No evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No evidence of acute osseous abnormality.
1285.xml, PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. Mild nodular prominence of the right hilum, without significant change. Lung volumes are decreased, with crowding. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation.
420.xml, Mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Heart size is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No bony abnormality. Vague density in right mid lung, XXXX related to scapular tip and superimposed ribs. Not visualized on lateral exam.
2363.xml, Heart size is upper limits of normal. The pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is right basilar air space opacity.
3165.xml, Normal and stable cardiomediastinal contours. Interval removal of left-sided intravenous catheter. No pneumothorax. XXXX XXXX opacities obscuring the hemidiaphragms, slightly improved from prior exam.. Right-sided rib fractures again noted.
2980.xml, Negative for cardiac enlargement. Negative for vascular congestion. Negative for focal confluent airspace disease. Negative for pneumothorax. A few scattered calcified granulomas are identified.
2401.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. The pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. Lungs are expanded and clear airspace disease. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or pneumoperitoneum. Limited bone evaluation reveals no acute abnormality.
514.xml, The heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. There is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic XXXX blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. Bony structures are within normal limits.
1670.xml, Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. XXXX-A-XXXX XXXX has its tip at the caval atrial junction.
1797.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. Small T-spine osteophytes.
3464.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
1243.xml, Cardiac silhouette is enlarged but unchanged. There is left-sided XXXX central line with a XXXX lumen. Poly vasculature is within normal limits. Mediastinum is normal. Bibasilar opacity, left greater than right is appreciated. No pneumothorax.
2289.xml, Lungs are clear. blunting of the left costophrenic XXXX consistent with a small left pleural effusion and associated airspace disease. The right lung is clear. Sequelae of old granulomatous disease. Heart size is upper limits of normal. Degenerative changes in the spine.
2462.xml, There is stable cardiomegaly. Aorta is calcified and tortuous. There are multiple pleural calcifications XXXX representing prior asbestos exposure. These appear unchanged. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or XXXX focal airspace consolidation.
3806.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is grossly within normal limits. Moderate thoracolumbar scoliosis and patient rotation somewhat limits evaluation of the mediastinum. The lungs are clear.
223.xml, Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
623.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta. There is again a pleural based density in the right lung base, XXXX related to subpleural fat. The appearance is stable from multiple previous studies. The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion.
3756.xml, Mediastinal contours are normal. Unchanged XXXX opacity in the left lung base, XXXX scarring. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
3474.xml, Crowded bronchovascular markings in the hilar and perihilar region, right lower lung zones. Low lung volumes. No noncalcified pulmonary nodules seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No small heart size. There is a right diaphragmatic hump. The soft tissues seen in the left cardiophrenic XXXX, could represent an ectatic descending aorta or hiatal hernia. Visualized XXXX of the chest XXXX are within normal limits. Degenerative changes demonstrated within the visualized thoracic spine.
2572.xml, Lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary nodules identified. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
351.xml, The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Lungs are hyperexpanded. Minimal XXXX scarring in both lower lobes. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Stable mild tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta.
3303.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. There is a vague 1.6 cm nodular opacity in the right upper lobe between the anterior second and third ribs, which could represent focal infiltrate or lung nodule. No pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality.
3031.xml, The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
254.xml, Lungs are clear. Heart size normal. Scattered thoracic spine spurring.
1578.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal XXXX appear normal. Low lung volumes and bronchovascular crowding. No visible pneumothorax, focal airspace opacity, or pleural effusion is seen. No visible free air under the diaphragm. The osseous structures appear intact. Surgical clips are seen within the right upper abdomen.
652.xml, Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusions. No focal airspace opacities.
647.xml, There is mild blunting of the costophrenic XXXX. There is right basilar airspace disease. There is no pneumothorax. The cardiac mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary XXXX are slightly prominent. Calcified hilar lymph XXXX. No acute bony abnormalities.
3518.xml, The heart and mediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. The lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, large effusion, or pneumothorax. The XXXX are grossly intact. Degenerative T-spine osteophytes.
2206.xml, Minimal right sided perihilar atelectasis. The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion. The heart size is normal.
3287.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contour normal. There is a 2.5 cm vague nodular density in the right mid lung, probably within the middle lobe given the opacification on the lateral view. There is a subtle left retrocardiac density also noted, with obscuration of aortic contour. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax.
2537.xml, Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Right-sided aortic XXXX. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary XXXX and vasculature, central airways and aeration of the lungs. There is right basal XXXX patchy opacity and bibasal atelectasis or scarring. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Right apical calcified granuloma noted.
537.xml, There is scattered calcified granulomas. The lungs are otherwise grossly clear. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.
173.xml, Low lung volumes. Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Calcified bilateral hilar lymph XXXX, greater on the left. No acute osseous findings.
299.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact. Small hiatal hernia.
1546.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
2694.xml, The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.
3176.xml, Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
2555.xml, Heart size is normal. Mild lung hyperexpansion. The lungs are clear. There are no focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. Normal pulmonary vascularity.
3421.xml, PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. Mildly tortuous thoracic aorta. The lungs are well aerated. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. Mild elevation right hemidiaphragm.
2916.xml, Heart size within normal limits. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.
2006.xml, Heart size is mildly enlarged. The pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is a calcified granuloma in the right lung base. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine. There are some chronic increased interstitial markings noted.
2577.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouette within normal limits. No acute bony abnormality. There are XXXX XXXX opacities, atelectasis versus airspace disease. No large effusion or pneumothorax.
1964.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.
910.xml, The heart size is moderately enlarged. There is evidence of previous aortic valve replacement. XXXX sternotomy XXXX are grossly intact. The pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There are chronically increased interstitial lung markings without superimposed focal airspace disease identified. There are degenerative changes of the spine.
1588.xml, Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
2611.xml, No focal consolidation. No visualized pneumothorax. Heart size is normal. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable.
1123.xml, XXXX opacities projecting over the right apex and mediastinum on PA view are artifactual. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. Stable chronic coarse interstitial markings, without focal airspace disease or consolidation. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Limited evaluation reveals the XXXX XXXX are grossly intact. XXXX right cervical rib.
2473.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are hypoinflated but clear.
3166.xml, Heart size normal. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. Bony structures appear intact.
2320.xml, The cardio mediastinal silhouette, pulmonary vascular pattern are within normal limits. No pneumothorax. No pneumonia. No pleural effusion. Mild degenerative changes mid thoracic spine.
1885.xml, Heart size is normal. Mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.
975.xml, Cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within this. There is no opacity. There is no pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion. Hyperlucent right apex with hyperinflation consistent with emphysematous changes.
3244.xml, Heart size within normal limits. Right paratracheal prominence XXXX represents tortuous XXXX. XXXX lung volumes. Mild streaky bibasilar opacities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
979.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Hyperexpanded lungs without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Right chest wall surgical clips, compatible with prior lumpectomy. Negative for acute bone abnormality.
3102.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
1853.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
3670.xml, The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is mild biapical pleural thickening which is smooth. There is evidence of previous anterior cervical spine fusion. There are degenerative changes of the spine.
1628.xml, Marked enlargement of the cardiac silhouette, left infraclavicular cardiac XXXX generator, right atrial and right ventricular leads. Mild bilateral costophrenic XXXX blunting, left greater than right, interstitial opacities greatest in the central lungs and bases with indistinct vascular margination. Fluid noted in small bowel and stomach.
1025.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Calcified granuloma, right base. Normal XXXX.
218.xml, Heart size is unchanged. Aortic calcification is noted. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusions. There are unchanged XXXX opacities throughout the lungs which XXXX represent scarring. Lungs are hyperexpanded.
1768.xml, There is minimal scarring in the lung apices. The lungs are otherwise clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. There is dextrocurvature within the spine.
1543.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute osseus abnormality. Large hiatal hernia.
1877.xml, Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
1549.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
1191.xml, Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No acute bony changes.
1289.xml, One XXXX are low. Both costophrenic XXXX are blunted. Pulmonary XXXX are normal. No visible infiltrates in the aerated lungs.
950.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation.
2870.xml, The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. The visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
1556.xml, Heart size appears upper limits of normal. Tortuous aorta. Otherwise normal mediastinum. Confluent and XXXX opacities seen within the left base. There are no visible nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
3928.xml, The cardiac contours are normal. Aortic calcification. Prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.
1056.xml, Normal heart size. Stable tortuous aorta. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No suspicious focal air space opacities. Levoscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine. Hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragms are consistent with emphysematous lung changes. Prior granulomatous disease.
543.xml, The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pleural effusion is identified.
3270.xml, The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. There are endplate changes within the spine.
2578.xml, The lungs are clear. No suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is identified. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. There are sclerotic lesions within the XXXX, better visualized on the comparison XXXX scan. There are several bilateral rib fractures with evidence of the callus formation. The appearance is similar to the prior chest radiograph.
779.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute displaced rib fracture.
2493.xml, The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear, without evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
100.xml, Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
1629.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. No significant hilar process to suggest adenopathy. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
731.xml, The lungs are clear, and without focal air space opacity. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
1376.xml, Sequelae of old granulomatous disease is again noted. Lungs are clear without focal air space disease. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the spine.
3234.xml, The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
3004.xml, Frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary XXXX and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. And scattered calcified granulomas. Left greater than right basilar opacity, probable atelectasis and/or scarring. No pleural effusion.
3019.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable with aortic tortuosity. Lungs are clear with no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No displaced rib fractures are noted. There are multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
3125.xml, The lungs are clear, and without focal airspace opacity. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
636.xml, Heart size is normal. Right lung is clear. Granulomatous disease in the bilateral. Subsegmental atelectasis in the left lower lung. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion.
633.xml, The lungs are clear. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. There are multilevel degenerative changes of the spine.
2011.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No focal consolidation. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormalities. Contrast is seen within the bilateral kidneys, from prior examination.
2167.xml, There is hyperexpansion with mild flattening of diaphragm. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Pulmonary vasculature and XXXX are normal. No consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Osseous structures and soft tissues are normal. Contrast retained within the renal collecting XXXX.
3037.xml, Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
1309.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
1210.xml, The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. There is a slight XXXX deformity of the lower thoracic body which is age-indeterminate.
2321.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.
1271.xml, The heart is XXXX within normal limits in size given the low lung volumes an AP portable technique. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.
3301.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
582.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute osseous findings.
2625.xml, Heart size and pulmonary vasculature are normal. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax large effusion. No acute bony abnormality.
1518.xml, No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and unremarkable. No acute osseous abnormalities are identified.
3515.xml, Lungs are clear. A calcified small granuloma is present in the left lower lobe. Heart size normal. Mediastinum normal.
1168.xml, Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
890.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are otherwise clear. Bony structures are intact.
1510.xml, Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.
3575.xml, Heart size normal. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Central left midlung granuloma with calcified left hilar adenopathy. Bony structures appear intact.
913.xml, Heart size normal. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Bony structures are in XXXX alignment without fracture.
2222.xml, Lungs are clear bilaterally, with no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Calcified densities within the right paratracheal region and left perihilar region, may represent calcified granulomas. There is a round opacity measuring 2 cm in diameter within the posterior mediastinum. XXXX are unremarkable.
3826.xml, Heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. Lungs are clear without focal air space opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are intact.
3254.xml, The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. The lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The XXXX are intact.
1678.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Right chest XXXX tip is again seen at the cavoatrial junction. There is no pneumothorax. There is again elevation of right hemidiaphragm with right-sided pleural effusion. Vague opacities are noted in the right upper lobe, XXXX from prior study. These may be related to overlying rib lesions versus true pulmonary nodules. The left lung appears grossly clear. Drainage catheter seen overlying the right upper quadrant.
3194.xml, The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. The lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The XXXX are intact.
2269.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The chest XXXX is in satisfactory position. There is no pneumothorax. The lungs are clear.
2858.xml, Heart size normal. Tortuous aorta. Sequela primary granulomatous disease. Lungs clear. Minimal spurring in the thoracic spine.
2967.xml, The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
13.xml, The cardiac silhouette is borderline enlarged. Otherwise, there is no focal opacity. Mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is no large pleural effusion. No pneumothorax.
2889.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
1342.xml, Mildly hyperinflated lungs with flattened posterior diaphragm. No alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. Heart size within normal limits. No pneumothorax.
1224.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
722.xml, Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.
2622.xml, Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. Tracheostomy tip approximately 5 cm above the carina. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
1352.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. There is stable XXXX scarring in the right upper lobe. Lungs are otherwise clear. There is no XXXX focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
2912.xml, Central pulmonary vascular congestion and mild interstitial opacities are present. Negative for pneumothorax. Moderate volume bilateral pleural effusions are present. Mild cardiomegaly. Right upper extremity PICC terminates at the cavoatrial junction. Implantable cardiac device and leads appears unchanged.
469.xml, The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal airspace opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are scoliotic changes of the thoracolumbar spine. There degenerative changes of the spine.
1443.xml, XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. Aortic XXXX appear unremarkable. Lungs demonstrate increased interstitial markings probably COPD. There is calcified hilar lymph XXXX. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.
2834.xml, Heart size is normal. No focal infiltrates. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion. Mildly tortuous aorta.
2012.xml, Normal cardiomediastinal contours. Lungs are clear bilaterally. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
3885.xml, The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
1082.xml, Stable cardiomegaly. Stable tortuosity of the aorta. No focal airspace opacities, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
2336.xml, Lungs are hyperinflated but clear. No focal infiltrate or effusion. Heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. Calcified mediastinal XXXX identified.
3642.xml, No focal lung consolidation. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Degenerative changes of the XXXX. Tortuous aorta.
1896.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
847.xml, The trachea is midline. The heart XXXX is slightly large. There are low lung volumes causing bronchovascular crowding. Otherwise the lungs appear clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. Visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
2119.xml, There is a 1 cm nodule within one of the lung bases, seen only on the lateral view. There is a calcified right hilar lymph node and right granuloma. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax.
3468.xml, Heart size is at the upper limits of normal. There is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. The lungs remain hyperexpanded. There are biapical opacities, stable from the prior study. No XXXX focal airspace consolidation. No significant pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
1320.xml, Calcified granuloma is noted in the left upper lobe. There are low lung volumes, with bronchovascular crowding as a result. Heart size is within normal limits. Normal mediastinal contours. No pleural effusion, pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. No free subdiaphragmatic air. The osseous structures are grossly intact.
3128.xml, Calcified left hilar lymph XXXX XXXX from prior granulomatous disease. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size. Pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. No focal consolidations, effusions, or pneumothoraces. No acute bony abnormality.
1596.xml, Normal heart. Clear lungs. Stable calcified granuloma left midlung. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Midline trachea.
542.xml, Trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormality.
329.xml, Stable borderline enlarged cardiac contour. Calcified mediastinal lymph XXXX. Prominent right paratracheal stripe. Emphysema. No active pulmonary disease. Mild spondylosis.
206.xml, Chest  Comparison: There is a 2.6 cm diameter masslike density over the lingula partial obscuration left cardiac XXXX. There may be some ill-defined opacity in the right mid and lower lung zone. No pleural effusion is seen. The heart is borderline enlarged. The aorta is dilated and tortuous. Arthritic changes of the spine are present.  Pelvis and left hip There is an impacted and rotated fracture through the neck of the femur on the left. No pelvic fracture is seen. Arthritic changes are present in the lower lumbar spine. Large amount of stool and XXXX obscures portions of the pelvis.  Femur The femoral images do not XXXX the area of the hip fracture. The remaining portions of the femur appear to be intact with no fracture or destructive process. Extensive atherosclerotic vascular disease throughout the superficial femoral artery is present.  Left knee There is osteoporosis and mild arthritic changes. No fracture is seen. No dislocation is identified. Severe atherosclerotic changes of the superficial femoral and popliteal artery are seen.
2145.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum. Visualized bony structures are normal.
2866.xml, Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
3108.xml, There is XXXX airspace disease in the right lower lobe seen behind the right hemidiaphragm on PA view. This is also well seen on lateral view. Remainder of the lungs appear clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX appear normal. Mediastinal contours are normal.
2795.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. The there is a diffuse reticulonodular pattern the lungs bilaterally. Pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. Negative for pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Bony thorax is unremarkable
3540.xml, The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. The lungs are hyperexpanded. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.
1476.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.
396.xml, The lungs are clear. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
2685.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. There is mild eventration of right hemidiaphragm. No pleural effusion is seen.
3580.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Normal XXXX.
2963.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute bone abnormality.
527.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal XXXX appear normal. No visible pneumothorax, focal airspace opacity, or pleural effusion is seen. No visible free air under the diaphragm. The osseous structures appear intact.
1460.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.
1440.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.
2499.xml, Low lung volumes bilaterally with bibasilar airspace opacities, right greater than left. There is blunting of the bilateral costophrenic sulci. Cardiac device overlies left chest, leads intact, tips overlying right atrium and right ventricle. No pneumothorax. Cardiomegaly. Degenerative changes of the spine.
947.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Limited lateral view, given overlapping silhouettes. Negative for acute displaced rib fracture.
52.xml, The heart is normal size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. The XXXX are unremarkable.
2301.xml, Radiographic attenuation obscures detail. Grossly, the lungs are clear and expanded. Heart is large. Pulmonary XXXX are normal.
2232.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
213.xml, Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
145.xml, Right costophrenic XXXX is blunted. In the left lower lobe a patchy infiltrate is present. The pulmonary XXXX are normal.
1092.xml, Heart XXXX, mediastinum, XXXX, bony structures and lung XXXX are unremarkable.
900.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Right chest XXXX tip is visualized in the distal SVC. There is no pneumothorax. The right cardiac margin is partially obscured and may be secondary to overlying cardiophrenic fat. The lungs are otherwise clear.
938.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contour normal. Lungs are clear except for residuals of prior granulomatous infection. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
3547.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
2099.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
425.xml, Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. Bony structures are intact.
3309.xml, Heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. No focal consolidation. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality.
2558.xml, There is no focal consolidation. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. The heart size is within normal limits.
2987.xml, ICD leads in XXXX position to prior study with stable cardiomegaly. No XXXX pulmonary consolidation. Lungs hyperinflated. The cardiomediastinal silhouette appears stable. No significant pleural effusion. Minimal opacity at the lateral costophrenic XXXX may be due to degree of lung inflation versus minimal pleural-parenchymal scarring or XXXX atelectasis. Visualized spine vertebrae appear normal in XXXX and alignment. The arm projects over chest on the lateral view.
2177.xml, XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. There is enlarged heart silhouette. Decreased lung volumes. Lungs demonstrate bibasilar airspace opacities better visualized on lateral view. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. Degenerative changes of the bilateral XXXX.
2935.xml, Scoliosis and focal eventration of the posterior left hemidiaphragm. No focal alveolar consolidation. Rotated position, considering technical factors heart size XXXX within normal limits. No definite pleural effusion seen, left bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. Exaggerated kyphosis with increased AP dimension of the thorax.
1796.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
515.xml, Lungs are clear bilaterally.There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX are unremarkable.
3173.xml, Lungs are clear. Heart size normal. No pneumothorax.
3948.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute bone abnormality.
2933.xml, Normal heart size. No focal air space consolidation, pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or pulmonary edema. No focal bony abnormality.
490.xml, Patient is slightly rotated. Normal heart size. There is no pulmonary edema. There is no focal consolidation. There are no XXXX of a pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pneumothorax.
3624.xml, The heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.
3084.xml, Heart size is normal. No pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. No focal air space opacities. Mild degenerative osteophytes are noted in the thoracic spine.
3962.xml, Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
2478.xml, There your regular interstitial changes and possibly fibrosis in the left mid and lower lung zone and region of the right middle lobe. Hyperinflation is present. No focal consolidation is seen. There is no evidence for pleural effusion. The heart is not enlarged. Mediastinum is normal. There are arthritic changes of the spine.
3628.xml, The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. There are XXXX multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
1387.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. There is a single cardiac XXXX projecting over the right ventricle. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
59.xml, The cardiac silhouette, mediastinum, and pulmonary vasculature are unremarkable. There is stable elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. Lungs are clear. No pleural fluid or pneumothorax is appreciated. Cholecystectomy clips are noted in the right upper quadrant.
3352.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
268.xml, There is a right upper lobe opacity. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Pulmonary vasculature and XXXX are normal. Osseous structures and soft tissues are normal.
3641.xml, Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal contours, mediastinal clips, left base pleural-parenchymal irregularity compatible with scarring. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Chronic appearing left rib contour irregularities may be posttraumatic or postsurgical.
1552.xml, Low lung volumes. Cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Mild left lingular platelike atelectasis. XXXX are grossly unremarkable.
1269.xml, Normal heart size. Hyperexpanded lungs without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Left nipple silhouette visualized. Negative for acute bone abnormality.
2464.xml, The lungs appear clear. There are no suspicious appearing pulmonary nodules or masses. There is no evidence of pneumonia. The heart pulmonary XXXX appear normal. Pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal.
928.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.
1753.xml, The heart size is persistently enlarged. Lung volumes are low. Lungs are clear. There is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic XXXX blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. Bony structures are within normal limits.
403.xml, Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax. No effusions. Multiple old right-sided rib fractures again noted.
1439.xml, Lungs are XXXX. XXXX opacities are present in the left lung base. Heart size normal. Mediastinum normal.
3989.xml, Heart size within normal limits. Right hemidiaphragm eventration noted. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.
3979.xml, Normal heart size. Mild unfolding and atherosclerotic calcification of the aorta. No focal air space consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance.
2150.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Small nodule seen in the left upper lung, possibly granuloma. The lungs are otherwise clear.
2649.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. No focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The visualized osseous structures appear intact.
667.xml, There has been interval removal of right-sided central venous catheter. Enteric tube is again noted, coursing below the diaphragm the tip of which is seen projecting over the expected location of the body of the stomach. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal, unchanged from prior. Low lung volumes, causing streaky bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. Lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
3266.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute osseous findings.
3921.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. Left-sided PICC line has been placed in the interval with tip XXXX in the innominate vein.
2028.xml, Heart size is normal. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or effusion.
2849.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. Dual-XXXX cardiac pacing device is in XXXX, stable position with leads projecting over the right atrium and right ventricle. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
1330.xml, Heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. Lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are grossly intact.
1793.xml, No gross consolidation, atelectasis or infiltrate. No pleural fluid collection or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX XXXX is intact.
3702.xml, Lungs are overall hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms. Lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. degenerative changes within the spine. There are expansile changes within the right clavicle which were seen on the previous XXXX/CT. Findings are consistent with changes of multiple myeloma.
3251.xml, Right mid lung nodule stable XXXX; etiology not determined. This is noncalcified, and is stable since a CT examination from XXXX and is XXXX benign etiology. The lungs are well inflated and without focal consolidation. The cardiomediastinal silhouette appears unremarkable. Costophrenic XXXX clear. Visualized spine vertebrae appear normal in XXXX and alignment. Overlying leads.
2842.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
1711.xml, Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. Left hemidiaphragm eventration. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.
3317.xml, The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
3070.xml, Heart size is within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidations. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
482.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. Gastrostomy tube is noted.
3466.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Streaky perihilar opacities. Peribronchial cuffing also noted. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Normal XXXX.
3751.xml, The lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The XXXX are unremarkable.
3279.xml, The heart size is normal and cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour. Lungs are clear bilaterally. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No bony or soft tissue abnormalities.
242.xml, Lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX and soft tissues are unremarkable.
1929.xml, Fracture deformity proximal right humerus. Hyperinflation lungs. No pulmonary consolidation. XXXX opacity left base compatible XXXX atelectasis or XXXX scarring. The cardiomediastinal silhouette appears unremarkable. Mild atherosclerotic calcification aorta. Prior chest surgery. Costophrenic XXXX clear. Visualized spine vertebrae appear normal in XXXX and alignment.
2364.xml, The lungs are clear. There is hyperexpansion of the lungs suggesting underlying emphysema. The heart and pulmonary XXXX appear normal. Pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal.
88.xml, Heart is mildly heart enlarged. Mediastinal contour normal. There is mild diffuse interstitial prominence suggestive of edema. No focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. Degenerative changes of the the spine.
2307.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are hyperinflated with XXXX XXXX opacities compatible with pleural-parenchymal scarring. There is no acute infiltrate or effusion.
2375.xml, Cardiac silhouette is upper limits of normal in size. Normal mediastinal contour and pulmonary vasculature. There is evidence of healed granulomatous disease in the right hemithorax. Lungs are without focal airspace consolidation, large pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
3245.xml, Moderate bilateral interstitial edema, with cardiomegaly and bilateral effusion consistent with moderate cardiac failure. A large calcified right mediastinal adenopathy, XXXX chronic fungal. No pneumothorax.
2250.xml, There has been interval XXXX sternotomy with mitral valve surgery. There is a small amount of scarring in the left midlung. No focal consolidation. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. there is continued cardiomegaly with especially enlarged left atrium.
1438.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
472.xml, Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable postoperative and degenerative changes of the XXXX. Stable degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine.
3965.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
2506.xml, Cardiomegaly. There is no pulmonary edema. There is no focal consolidation. There are no XXXX of pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pneumothorax.
1166.xml, Low lung volumes. Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Streaky bibasilar airspace opacities. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute osseous findings.
221.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Atherosclerotic aorta. Mild blunting left costophrenic recess, possibly mild atelectasis or scarring. No confluent lobar consolidation or large volume pleural effusion. Thoracic spondylosis.
191.xml, The heart is normal in size. The pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. No focal air space opacities. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.
3447.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. There is tortuosity the thoracic aorta. There is evidence of prior granulomatous disease. Chronic interstitial markings XXXX represents the sequela of emphysema. There is scarring in the lingula. There is no focal airspace consolidation. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The left chest wall pacemaker device with dual intracardiac leads is again noted.
940.xml, The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. No displaced rib fractures visualized. .
1327.xml, The heart is normal size with normal appearance the cardiomediastinal silhouette. There is no focal air space opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The osseous structures are intact with degenerative changes in thoracic spine.
1524.xml, Heart size is normal. The aorta is tortuous, and cannot exclude ascending aortic aneurysm. The pulmonary vascularity is normal. There residual to prior granulomatous infection. Lungs are otherwise clear. Degenerative change of the spine.
2784.xml, The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.
3429.xml, Low lung volumes. Heart size normal. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Bony structures appear intact. Left humeral head bone anchors.
1951.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Pulmonary vasculature and XXXX are normal. No consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Osseous structures and soft tissues are unchanged.
2276.xml, This radiograph was XXXX available for my interpretation at XXXX hours XXXX/XXXX. There are low lung volumes with associated bronchovascular crowding and basilar subsegmental atelectasis. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation.
397.xml, There is a XXXX 7 XXXX nodular density at the left lung base. Lungs are otherwise clear. The CT scan without IV contrast could be performed for further evaluation. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
1497.xml, The heart size size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Ill-defined opacity is again noted in the region of the lingula. This is increased since the previous study. The remainder of the lungs appear clear. Mild XXXX deformity is noted in the mid-thoracic spine. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.
3009.xml, No focal areas of consolidation. No pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. Degenerative changes thoracic spine. Heart size normal limits. Cholecystectomy clips.
3611.xml, Stable appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. The aorta is calcified and tortuous. There is dextroscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine. Multiple thoracic XXXX deformities appear unchanged. There is no displaced rib fracture identified. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Stable changes of chronic lung disease with flattening of the left hemidiaphragm. There is mild right basilar airspace disease which may represent atelectasis versus infiltrate.
1307.xml, The lungs appear clear. There are no suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. XXXX density in the left lung base XXXX represents atelectasis or scarring. The heart and XXXX very XXXX are normal. Pleural spaces are clear. Surgical clips are identified in the left axilla. There is lucency involving the lateral aspect of the left clavicle. Metastatic disease cannot be excluded.
3058.xml, Left midlung opacity noted, not visualized on prior. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Osseous structures intact.
1263.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.
3302.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are slightly hypoinflated but clear. There is no pleural effusion.
1860.xml, The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. The lungs are well-expanded and clear. There is no focal airspace opacity. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. There is dextrocurvature of the thoracic spine. There is XXXX deformity of the T9 vertebral body. Levocurvature of the lumbar spine with significant degenerative change is also noted.
2913.xml, 3 images. The cardiac silhouette is enlarged, but stable. Stable moderate tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. Thoracic aortic atherosclerotic calcifications. Prior sternotomy and mediastinal surgery. Right upper extremity PICC terminates at the cavoatrial junction. No consolidating airspace disease is seen within the lungs. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Large left upper quadrant splenic calcifications noted, stable from prior.
1247.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. Cardiac defibrillator leads are stable.
2559.xml, The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
3541.xml, Lung volumes are mildly decreased. The cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal. There is bilateral lower lobe XXXX airspace opacities compatible with discoid atelectasis. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
1249.xml, The lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. There are calcified granulomas in the left lower lobe. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The XXXX are unremarkable.
2297.xml, The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. Mild XXXX XXXX curvature thoracolumbar junction.
3315.xml, The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal.
1560.xml, Normal heart. Clear lungs. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion.
3277.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Calcified left hilar lymph XXXX. A calcified granuloma is seen in the left lower lobe. Bony thorax is unremarkable.
974.xml, Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Mild congestion without edema. Lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Redemonstrated are endplate depressions of the vertebral bodies, compatible with XXXX cell changes.
1626.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There are numerous bilateral pulmonary nodules of varying sizes. The largest is noted in the left lower lobe, posteriorly measuring approximately 7.0 cm. No acute infiltrate or pleural effusion are appreciated.
2299.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Peripheral right basilar calcified granuloma. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Apparent nodular opacity on lateral projection, immediately retrocardiac, is XXXX to represent confluence of overlapping silhouettes. Negative for acute bone abnormality.
3238.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Aorta is mildly tortuous and demonstrates atherosclerotic calcifications. The lungs are mildly hypoinflated with increased peripheral lung markings noted predominantly in the right upper and lower lung. There is no acute infiltrate or significant pleural effusion. Mild eventration of left hemidiaphragm is noted.
2088.xml, Compared to prior examination from XXXX, there has been extubation and removal of central line and enteric tube. Stable cardiomegaly and mild thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis. Left basilar opacity XXXX represents chronic fibrosis/scar. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. No acute osseous abnormality.
3952.xml, Unchanged elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. The heart size is mildly enlarged. Mild degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine anterior osteophytes noted inferiorly. Pulmonary artery prominence.
3298.xml, Heart size is within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidations. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
3151.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. There is lingular airspace disease.. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
835.xml, The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. There is no pneumothorax. There is no pleural effusion. There is redemonstration of right rib deformities XXXX from old XXXX. XXXX of mild dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine. There is no free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
737.xml, Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No acute bony changes.
1657.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.
2524.xml, The cardiac contours are normal. Prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.
914.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Negative for focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Middle lobe calcified granulomas. Normal XXXX.
3741.xml, The lungs are clear. No pleural effusion is seen. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal. There are surgical clips in the right axilla region.
372.xml, Left retrocardiac airspace disease with blunted posterior costophrenic XXXX on lateral view suggesting small pleural effusion. Normal heart size. Right PICC is unchanged with tip at the caval atrial junction.
3591.xml, The heart and mediastinal contours are unchanged. There is a moderate hiatal hernia. The lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. No effusion or pneumothorax.
2179.xml, Flattening of the bilateral hemidiaphragms. Lungs are clear. Soft tissues and bony structures unremarkable. No pneumothorax or effusion.
3571.xml, Heart size and pulmonary vascularity normal. The stomach contour normal. There is right hemidiaphragm elevation. Lungs are clear. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
820.xml, There are T-spine osteophytes. Small nodule projecting near the left heart XXXX is unchanged from XXXX and appears calcified. This XXXX represents a calcified granuloma. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation.
3159.xml, Moderate cardiomegaly. Prominent vascular pedicle/upper mediastinal contour. Mild central vascular congestion. No overt edema or confluent lobar pneumonia. No pleural effusion. Thoracic spondylosis.
233.xml, Atrial septal occluder artifact. Rotated frontal position, overall heart size within normal limits, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. XXXX densities in the left base, small focal XXXX opacity in the right base with focal posterior right hemidiaphragm elevation and obscured right costophrenic XXXX. Biapical pleuroparenchymal irregularities most compatible with scarring, chronic appearing right 5th rib contour deformity. No pneumothorax seen.
1862.xml, Cardiac pacemaker is present the leads are unchanged. The heart is borderline enlarged. I believe the lungs are clear. The mediastinum is normal. The skeletal structures are normal for age.
418.xml, Stable enlargement of the cardiac silhouette, stable mediastinal and hilar contours, surgical clips and CABG markers. Stable XXXX densities in the left base compatible with scarring or chronic subsegmental atelectasis. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Right hilar calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.
1449.xml, The cardiac silhouette is enlarged with no comparison studies. Findings are XXXX accentuated by low lung volumes and eventration of the anterior right hemidiaphragm, however, cardiomegaly or less XXXX, pericardial effusion is suspected. The lungs are hypoinflated with central bronchovascular crowding but no evidence of overt pulmonary edema. The lungs are grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. There are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Patient appears morbidly obese.
2752.xml, The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. Mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The pulmonary vasculaturity is increased. There is large right-sided pleural effusion and probable underlying associated compressive atelectasis. Mild perihilar XXXX opacities, XXXX edema. No pneumothorax is seen.
3107.xml, Upper mediastinal mass on the right has increased in opacity with some pressure on the right side of the trachea in the interval. No masses or infiltrates in the lungs. Heart and XXXX remain normal.
2793.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Hyperexpanded lungs without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Normal XXXX.
2747.xml, The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Small pleural effusion is identified.
1344.xml, Mediastinal contours are normal. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
402.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
337.xml, Minimal XXXX opacities at the posterior sulci. A few septal lines of the left lateral sulcus. Otherwise, The lungs are clear with granulomas and XXXX sulci. Heart size upper normal thin LV contour.Unfolded calcified aorta. T-spine small osteophytes.
1849.xml, Heart size is within normal limits. 8mm calcified granuloma in the right base. No focal airspace consolidations. No pneumothorax or effusion.
3366.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
541.xml, Cardiomediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Clear lungs. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild age-indeterminate anterior wedging of a lower thoracic or upper lumbar vertebra on lateral view. Left-sided rib deformities consistent with old fractures. Mild degenerative changes about the thoracolumbar junction.
1968.xml, The lateral view is nondiagnostic due to patient positioning. Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
3774.xml, Heart size is within normal limits. Tortuous aorta. Clear lungs. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Atherosclerotic calcification within the aorta. Right lower lung granuloma.
1999.xml, Mediastinal contours are normal. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
1130.xml, Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Calcified granuloma is present in the right base. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. In the lateral right base is identified an ill-defined somewhat oblong opacity. This was not present on the previous study. The remainder of the lungs appear clear.
2425.xml, Lung volumes are low. No infiltrates. Heart and mediastinum are normal.
2020.xml, No focal lung consolidation. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Osseous structures are grossly intact.
3777.xml, Low lung volumes. The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. The heart size is normal. Mild degenerate change of the thoracic spine. Stable cholecystectomy clips in the right upper quadrant.
3361.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Bony thorax is unremarkable.
1948.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
3462.xml, The heart is top normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. There is a small retrocardiac density which may be secondary to small hiatal hernia. Left IJ catheter tip at cavoatrial junction. No pneumothorax is seen. The lungs are clear.
3382.xml, Prominent interstitial markings. There are small bilateral pleural effusions. No pneumothorax or focal consolidation. Normal heart size. Catheter tubing present in the upper midabdomen. There is bilateral acromioclavicular degenerative joint disease, right greater than left.
932.xml, No gross consolidation, atelectasis or infiltrate. No pleural fluid collection or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX XXXX is intact.
3725.xml, Lungs are clear without focal infiltrates. Calcified right upper lobe granuloma unchanged from prior. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Normal heart size. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Bony thorax intact.
478.xml, The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.
2914.xml, There is a small area scarring lateral right mid to lower lung zone. No focal consolidation is identified. No cavitary lesions are seen. There is no pleural effusion. Mediport catheter seen in the mid SVC. The patient has a tracheostomy. The skeletal structures are normal.
2978.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size and contour. There is a XXXX-A-XXXX terminating at the caval atrial junction, without evidence of pneumothorax. There is no focal airspace disease. There are small calcified nodules in the superior segment of the right lower lobe, XXXX old granulomatous infection. There are no acute bony findings.
2487.xml, Chest: The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Thoracic spine: Mild dextro curvature the upper thoracic spine. Evaluation of the upper thoracic bodies is limited secondary to osseous overlap. Vertebral body XXXX and disc spaces are maintained. Mild degenerative endplate changes. Lumbar spine: There are 5 nonrib-bearing lumbar type vertebral bodies. Alignment is within normal limits. Vertebral body XXXX and disc spaces are maintained. Mild degenerative change without acute displaced fracture or dislocation. Moderate amount of stool..
2585.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. There is mild blunting of the right costophrenic XXXX on the frontal view. There is also mild obscuration of the right cardiac XXXX. Airspace disease in expected location of right middle lobe also noted on the lateral view to No pleural effusion. Left lung clear. Degenerative changes spine. No pneumothorax.
2424.xml, The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. The mediastinum is normal. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
821.xml, Stable heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. Stable calcified granuloma in the right upper lobe. This low lung volumes. No focal airspace disease.
715.xml, There is chronic asymmetric elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. Compared with the prior study, there is mildly increased streaky airspace disease in the right lung base. Hilar prominence appears stable. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Heart size is stable and grossly normal. There no acute bony findings.
463.xml, There is a approximately 4 cm opacity with one XXXX margin and the other ill-defined in the lateral lower left lung is seen on the PA view. This is not definitely seen on the lateral view. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. There are T-spine osteophytes. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are calcified hilar lymph XXXX there
590.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. Pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. There is right middle lobe airspace disease, may reflect atelectasis or pneumonia. No pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Elevated right hemidiaphragm.
3697.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. There are extensive fibrotic changes in the right lung with rightward shift of the trachea, similar to the previous exam. The left lung is well-aerated without focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. There is left apical pleural-parenchymal scarring. No acute bony findings.
2281.xml, Heart size and vascularity normal. Lungs are clear. No effusions or pneumothorax.
2673.xml, The heart is large. In the interval, pulmonary venous engorgement has developed. Also, bibasilar interstitial infiltrates are present.
3057.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. Atherosclerotic calcification of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. The lungs are well-aerated. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation.
1409.xml, No focal consolidation. No visualized pneumothorax. Heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are grossly unremarkable. No large pleural effusions.
519.xml, No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. XXXX XXXX intact.
3859.xml, The heart is again enlarged, stable. The left subclavian ICD is unchanged position. There is a XXXX right upper extremity PICC line, the tip is partially obscured by the pacemaker XXXX. The tip appears to be in the proximal SVC. No pneumothorax is seen. There is mild central vascular prominence and bronchovascular crowding. The lungs are hypoinflated without focal consolidation.
3573.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. The thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous and calcified. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Mild levoscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine.
2868.xml, Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Minimal thoracic spondylosis.
2848.xml, Mild cardiomegaly. Lungs are clear. Calcified hilar XXXX. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Soft tissues and showed unremarkable.
3523.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. No change right anterior soft tissue surgical clips. Configuration of breast shadows on the PA view suggests prior right lumpectomy.
327.xml, There is stable, mild cardiomegaly with normal caliber pulmonary vasculature. There are grossly intact XXXX sternotomy XXXX and mediastinal surgical clips. There is no focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
732.xml, Heart size within normal limits. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is hyperexpansion of the lungs. Mild degenerative changes are present in the spine.
2556.xml, There is a left-sided cardiac pacemaker identified whose leads are stable in position overlying the right atrial appendage and right ventricle. Persistent cardiomegaly. XXXX calcifications are noted of the mitral valve. There are bilateral pleural effusions. Mild subsegmental atelectasis of the right lung base. No pneumothorax. No pulmonary edema. Mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. Mild elevation right diaphragm. Bone demineralization.
3537.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
398.xml, No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits, no mediastinal widening characteristic in appearance of vascular injury. Right paratracheal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. No acute osseous injury XXXX demonstrated.
611.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. Pulmonary hypoinflation with bronchovascular crowding. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. The thoracic spine appears intact. No acute, displaced rib fractures.
2847.xml, The heart size is within normal limits. The thoracic aorta is tortuous, stable from the prior radiograph. Aortic stent graft overlies the descending thoracic aorta and upper abdominal aorta, grossly stable from the prior chest radiograph. There are scattered calcified granulomas. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The left hemidiaphragm remains mildly elevated. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
395.xml, The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. The lungs are well expanded and clear. There are no focal air space opacities. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. There are calcified hilar lymph XXXX suggesting prior granulomatous disease. The bony structures of the thorax are intact with no evidence of acute osseous abnormality.
3667.xml, Density in the left upper lung on PA XXXX XXXX represents superimposed bony and vascular structures. There is calcification of the first rib costicartilage junction which XXXX contributes to this appearance. The lungs otherwise appear clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX appear normal. In the pleural spaces are clear. The mediastinal contour is normal. There are degenerative changes of thoracic spine. There is an electronic cardiac device overlying the left chest wall with intact distal leads in the right heart.
3816.xml, Heart size is at the upper limits of normal. The pulmonary vascularity appears within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Degenerative changes are present in the spine. No non-calcified nodules are identified.
226.xml, The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.
1915.xml, Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
2212.xml, The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures and soft tissues have a normal appearance.
1498.xml, Apical lordotic frontal view. Heart size within normal limits, mild aortic ectasia/tortuosity. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Chronic appearing contour irregularity of the distal left clavicle and XXXX XXXX widening may be posttraumatic or postsurgical, verterbroplasty noted at the thoracolumbar junction.
3599.xml, There are intact midline sternotomy XXXX and postsurgical changes of prior CABG. The aorta is unfolded. The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. There is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There are mild degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
427.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
1887.xml, The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Scoliosis and arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted. There is increased kyphosis of the thoracic spine similar to the prior study
2780.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
110.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.
2940.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
3947.xml, The lungs appear clear. There are no suspicious pulmonary nodules or infiltrates. The heart and pulmonary XXXX appear normal. The pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal. There is a left-sided tunneled catheter, the distal tip at the mid superior XXXX XXXX level.
3874.xml, The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. There is mild calcification of the aortic XXXX, consistent with atherosclerosis. The lung volumes are low, with bronchovascular crowding. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. Moderate degenerative changes of the spine.
2211.xml, There is persistent cardiomegaly with suggestion of left atrial enlargement as evidenced by cardiac contour the lateral image and XXXX density on the frontal image. The lungs are clear. No visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
2563.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
1654.xml, The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. There is tortuosity of the aorta, compatible with atherosclerosis. Low lung volumes. Minimal XXXX opacities within the lung bases, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.
3548.xml, The heart is normal in size. The pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. No focal air space opacities. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.
3354.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Hyperinflated lungs with flattening of diaphragms, compatible with emphysema. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality.
2839.xml, Lungs are clear bilaterally.There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX are unremarkable.
3282.xml, Low lung volumes bilaterally, with lungs otherwise grossly clear. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. No acute osseous abnormalities identified.
2044.xml, Low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding at the bases. No focal opacity. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion. Cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours within normal limits.
1562.xml, Low lung volumes with magnified appearance of the heart, XXXX normal heart size. Negative for consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable.
942.xml, Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Vascular calcification is noted. No adenopathy is seen.
465.xml, Normal cardiomediastinal contours. Right lower lung patchy opacities. Small right pneumothorax. Small right pleural effusion.
587.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No interval change in the appearance of the XXXX opacities in the bilateral lower lobes. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. The thoracic spine appears intact.
3810.xml, The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. There is surgical clips projected over the left lung apex, as well as, over the right upper quadrant of the abdomen.
3890.xml, Lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX and soft tissues are unremarkable.
1195.xml, Coronary artery stents visualized. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute bone abnormality.
1103.xml, The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. There is no focal airspace opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There is a stable calcified granuloma in the infrahilar right lung. There are mild degenerative changes along the thoracic spine. No acute bony abnormality is identified.
342.xml, The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Stable left upper lobe calcified granuloma. Heart size is mildly enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Mild tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta.
1259.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.
79.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
266.xml, The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size is mildly enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Atherosclerotic calcifications are present in the aortic XXXX.
2788.xml, There is no focal consolidation. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. The heart size is within normal limits.
1730.xml, The trachea is midline. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. Lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
3691.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Atherosclerotic calcifications of the aorta identified. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine are noted.
175.xml, Mild cardiomegaly unchanged. Stable superior mediastinal contour with tortuous aorta. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Unchanged elevated right hemidiaphragm with minimal right base subsegmental atelectasis. Minimal XXXX left basal airspace opacity. Unchanged blunting of the right lateral costophrenic XXXX, scarring versus XXXX effusion. No pneumothorax. No acute osseous findings.
1085.xml, The lungs demonstrate low lung volumes but are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Mild streaky opacities in the left upper lobe on frontal projection are XXXX atelectatic or scar. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
2449.xml, The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Again seen is XXXX paraspinal foreign body which may represent a bullet fragment.
208.xml, The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
3185.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and appearance. The lung XXXX are clear. There are no soft tissue or bony abnormalities. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
2434.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is XXXX biapical scarring. The lungs are otherwise clear.
358.xml, Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Limbus vertebra noted within the partial visualized lumbar vertebral body.
1592.xml, Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with borderline cardiomegaly. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No focal airspace disease. Diffuse interstitial opacities. Bony structures appear intact. Nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease.
410.xml, The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. There is a mild levoscoliosis of the thoracic spine. There is mild widening of the right acromioclavicular joint which may be postsurgical or posttraumatic in XXXX.
3036.xml, Evaluation is limited by body habitus and AP technique. Enteric suction catheter courses below diaphragm and XXXX film. Stable heart size and mediastinal contours. Low lung volumes. No pneumothorax. Cardiac XXXX generator leads XXXX over the right atrium and right ventricle. Two XXXX bilateral pleural effusions.
678.xml, There is interval removal of gastric suction tube. Otherwise lines and tubes are unchanged. XXXX tube has also been removed. There is no pneumothorax. There is interval decrease/improvement of pulmonary vascular congestion and interstitial edema with residual nodular opacity at the right lower lobe. No XXXX focal consolidation identified. Heart and mediastinum are normal. No large effusion. Osseous structures and soft tissues are normal.
2007.xml, The lungs are clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. The pleural spaces are clear. The mediastinal contours are normal. There are mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
929.xml, No change lung XXXX. XXXX opacities are present in the right lower lobe. No focal infiltrates. Heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. Aorta normal.
2518.xml, No The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. There are T-spine osteophytes.
3401.xml, No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette unremarkable. Stable bilateral calcified granulomas/lymph XXXX. A bullet is present in the posterior soft tissues of the left chest wall, stable compared to prior examination.
2153.xml, The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Left hemidiaphragm is elevated.
2648.xml, Borderline cardiomegaly, XXXX at XXXX partially accentuated by low lung volumes. Right upper lobe calcified granuloma. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality.
153.xml, There is a right IJ central venous catheter with tip overlying the inferior SVC. Cardiac silhouette is normal size. Normal mediastinal contour and pulmonary vasculature. There is a small right pleural effusion. Otherwise, lungs are without focal airspace disease.
1979.xml, Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. There is no focal consolidation. There are no XXXX of a large pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax. There is no acute bony abnormality seen.
2195.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are mildly hyperinflated, without evidence of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Incidental note is XXXX of an azygos fissure. There are no acute bony findings.
1916.xml, There is stable left costophrenic XXXX blunting. The patient has undergone prior left lobectomy. There are chronic appearing right basilar interstitial markings. Heart size normal. No visualized pneumothorax. There is stable appearing left upper and right upper lobe bullous disease.
466.xml, Normal heart size. Mild tortuosity of the aorta. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or suspicious airspace opacity. Mild levoscoliosis of the lumbar spine.
2899.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
2314.xml, The lungs are XXXX. XXXX opacities are present in the right costophrenic XXXX. No focal infiltrates. Heart size normal.
1514.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. The pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. There are XXXX opacities in the left XXXX, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis or scar. Otherwise, the lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Limited bone evaluation reveals no acute abnormality.
2624.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. There is a mild anterior wedge XXXX deformity of L1, age-indeterminate.
3901.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Postsurgical changes of esophagectomy and gastric pull-through are stable. Bibasilar air space opacities have significantly improved. The lungs remain hypoinflated with blunted costophrenic XXXX. There is no pneumothorax.
1553.xml, Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary XXXX and vasculature, central airways and aeration of the lungs. No pleural effusion. There are XXXX spine marginal osteophytes.
3775.xml, No focal lung consolidation. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Osseous structures are grossly intact.
897.xml, There are patchy alveolar and interstitial opacities within the lung bases bilaterally representing an infectious etiology versus chronic lung disease. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiac silhouette is enlarged. There are atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic XXXX. There are degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
495.xml, Heart size within normal limits. Streaky airspace disease is demonstrated on the lateral examination. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
1731.xml, Low lung volumes bilaterally. The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
80.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. No acute osseous abnormality.
3090.xml, Normal cardiac contour. Right sided pleural effusion. Clear left lung XXXX. No pneumothorax.
2469.xml, There is mild XXXX opacification over both XXXX, XXXX secondary to soft tissue attenuation. There are no focal air space opacities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Trachea is midline. No free subdiaphragmatic air.
2661.xml, Mild cardiomegaly. Low lung volumes without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality.
1610.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
3940.xml, There is a stable closure device projected over the heart. The heart and mediastinum are otherwise normal. There is stable XXXX scarring of left mid lung. The lungs are otherwise clear. There is no infiltrate, effusion, mass or pneumothorax.
760.xml, There is minimal hyperexpansion and hyperlucency of the lungs suggestive of chronic lung disease, without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion identified. XXXX opacity in the left XXXX XXXX subsegmental atelectasis. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly stable and within normal limits, with mild tortuosity and atherosclerosis of the thoracic aorta. Multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine noted without acute bony abnormality.
2144.xml, Stable calcified hilar XXXX and granulomas. Lungs are clear bilaterally. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX are unremarkable.
1886.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. Atherosclerotic calcification within the aorta. Calcified granulomas in bilateral XXXX and overlying the T9 vertebral body(lateral view). No focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. Degenerative changes of thoracic spine. No acute osseous abnormality.
3800.xml, The heart is normal in size. Left-sided pacemaker XXXX and associated XXXX are unchanged in position. There is also an unchanged incompletely visualized XXXX arising below the left hemidiaphragm. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There is XXXX streaky opacification in the right midlung. There is mild levocurvature involving the thoracolumbar spine.
1522.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Pulmonary vasculature and XXXX are normal. No consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Osseous structures and soft tissues are unchanged.
3100.xml, Lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the spine.
43.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
1080.xml, There is a pacemaker left chest wall with stable intact XXXX placement. Heart size is enlarged. Calcifications are seen within the aortic XXXX. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. There is a left basilar and retrocardiac opacity. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
3062.xml, Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. Minimal blunting of the left costophrenic XXXX. No pneumothorax. Visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance.
1956.xml, The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. There is no focal airspace opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No acute bony abnormality is identified.
1270.xml, 2 images. Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No convincing acute bony findings.
1205.xml, Normal heart size. Clear lungs without pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
19.xml, Heart size is normal. There is tortuosity of the thoracic aorta, stable compared with prior. No focal airspace disease or effusion. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
3042.xml, Stable appearance bipolar dual-XXXX cardiac pacemaker overlying the left hemithorax. No interval change in XXXX position. Cardiomediastinal silhouette appears within normal limits. Lungs are well-aerated. No areas of parenchymal consolidation or pleural effusion.
924.xml, Cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. Bibasilar atelectasis/infiltrate. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Left chest XXXX with associated central venous catheter tip overlying the cavoatrial junction.
3217.xml, Irregularity within the right apex is consistent with patient's known cavitary lesion as a sequela of prior tuberculosis. No evidence of active infection. No focal consolidations, pneumothorax, or effusions identified. Paramediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits and no acute bony abnormality is identified.
962.xml, The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal.
2003.xml, Borderline enlarged heart. Pulmonary vasculature appears within normal limits. No focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality. Possible right shoulder calcific tendinitis. Calcifications of the abdominal aorta are seen.
3701.xml, Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
437.xml, There are postoperative changes of sternotomy. There is cardiomegaly. The contour of the ascending aorta is prominent, consistent with known ascending aortic aneurysm. The lungs appear clear. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
2037.xml, There is hyperinflation lungs. There appears to be fibrosis or central pulmonary vascular congestion more pronounced on the left in the right. Heart is mildly enlarged. There no pleural effusions. Cardiac pacemaker seen. The skeletal structures show senescent changes.
1392.xml, The aortic XXXX, cardiac apex, and stomach are left-sided. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in overall size and appearance. Pulmonary vascular markings are symmetric and within normal limits. The lungs are normally inflated with no focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality.
1513.xml, There is mild streakiness in the right base. No focal infiltrate or effusion. No pneumothorax. Calcified granulomatous disease noted. Heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. Osseous structures intact.
1431.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
1695.xml, CHEST. The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is a calcified granuloma in the left lung base. SOFT TISSUE NECK. There is reversal of the normal cervical lordosis which may indicate muscle spasm versus a positional phenomenon. There is no prevertebral soft tissue XXXX. The epiglottis is within normal limits. There is a 3 mm x 1 mm density identified on the lateral exam only, possibly within one of the piriform sinuses.
2451.xml, Chest. Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or effusions. Mild degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. Right knee. There has been prior ligamentous repair. There is tricompartmental joint space narrowing and marginal osteophyte formation which is severe in the medial compartment. No knee joint effusion. No fractures or dislocations.
862.xml, The parenchymal scar in the left lower lobe is unchanged in the interval. No XXXX infiltrates or masses in the lungs. Heart and mediastinum are normal.
3609.xml, There is borderline cardiomegaly. Mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are unremarkable. Lungs are clear. No pleural fluid or pneumothorax is appreciated.
3834.xml, There is an S-shaped scoliosis of the thoracic spine. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. No focal infiltrate, pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified.
3942.xml, Cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal. Lungs are clear bilaterally. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Interval worsening of the moderate thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis with mild exaggeration of normal thoracic kyphosis.
42.xml, The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear, without evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
1096.xml, The heart size is within normal limits. No focal air space opacities. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. No displaced rib fractures.
881.xml, The lungs are without focal air space opacity. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour.
412.xml, Bilateral emphysematous again noted and lower lobe fibrotic changes. Postsurgical changes of the chest including CABG procedure, stable. Stable valve artifact. There are no focal areas of consolidation. No large pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Degenerative changes noted of the visualized thoracic spine. Nodular right lower lobe opacity, XXXX nipple XXXX. Contour abnormality of the posterior aspect of the right 7th rib again noted, stable.
3027.xml, Normal heart size mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Stable, mild dextro curvature of the spine.
2501.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. Lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms consistent with emphysematous change. No evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Multilevel degenerative changes of the spine are noted.
3981.xml, The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal.
1721.xml, The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. The patient was shielded.
1603.xml, Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
2915.xml, The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
3404.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. There are postsurgical changes of the left breast. The lungs are clear.
2122.xml, There is no focal consolidation. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. The heart size is within normal limits. The cardiac XXXX generator overlies left upper thorax with XXXX XXXX tips overlying the right atrium and ventricles.
3486.xml, The heart is normal size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. Mild chronic degenerative changes are present in the spine.
2230.xml, Mediastinal contours are normal. Heart size is upper limits of normal. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No bony abnormality.
3772.xml, The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Calcified granuloma are present. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.
2799.xml, Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.
2631.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Interval placement of right humeral prosthesis, incompletely evaluated. Incompletely evaluated the lumbar spine fusion XXXX. XXXX cholecystectomy.
121.xml, Heart size and vascularity normal. Lungs are clear. No effusions. No pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures unremarkable.
2053.xml, The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.
2444.xml, Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. There is no focal consolidation. There are no XXXX of a large pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax. There is no acute bony abnormality seen. Acromioclavicular joint degenerative change.
1489.xml, The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.
294.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are grossly clear. Underlying emphysematous changes are noted.
1926.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
1181.xml, The central venous line has been removed. An inflammatory defibrillator is noted. The heart is enlarged. The patient is status post XXXX sternotomy. Right pleural effusion is present and unchanged. No pneumothorax is seen. There has been clearing of the left base airspace disease. Some continued right lung opacities are present which may represent areas of scarring.
3028.xml, The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. Atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic XXXX are again seen. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. The visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
3797.xml, XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. Lungs demonstrate left lower lobe air space opacity with XXXX atelectasis without significant change. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.
1064.xml, There is stable elevation of the right hemidiaphragm with questionable increased right basilar airspace opacities. The left lung is clear. Heart size normal. XXXX unremarkable.
2803.xml, There are low lung volumes. The cardiac silhouette, upper mediastinum pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no acute pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
2515.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
1178.xml, Trachea is midline. Normal heart. Clear lungs. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion.
2602.xml, The heart is at the upper limits of normal in size. There is XXXX patchy opacification in the right upper and left lower lobes. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Atherosclerotic aortic XXXX calcifications noted. Stent overlying the right upper quadrant XXXX represents prior TIPSS procedure. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
2047.xml, Large calcified granuloma in the right lower lobe is unchanged. No pneumothorax. Heart size is normal. No large pleural effusions. No focal airspace opacification.
1848.xml, The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. There are small round calcific density nodules consistent with prior granulomatous disease bilaterally. Otherwise, the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There are no masses seen. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
347.xml, Cardiac And Mediastinal Contours Are Unremarkable. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. XXXX are grossly unremarkable. There are some minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Evidence of chronic granulomatous disease.
3480.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. Cholecystectomy clips are present.
2162.xml, Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. The cardiac silhouette remains moderately enlarged, exaggerated by epicardial fat pads. Interstitium is XXXX prominent. No XXXX focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. There is XXXX spine spondylosis.
629.xml, The cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Lungs are well-inflated and clear. There is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or effusion. No acute bony abnormalities are seen.
2794.xml, Lungs are hyperexpanded. No infiltrates or masses in the lungs. Heart size normal.
616.xml, There are broken 1st and 3rd-5XXXX XXXX XXXX. Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. Pulmonary vasculatures are within normal limits. Left-sided aortic XXXX. Central airways are XXXX. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Left hemidiaphragm is mildly elevated. Interposition of the colon in the left upper quadrant.
1668.xml, No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. There is a discrete 1.4 cm nodule within the anterior segment of the right lower lobe. The additional nodular opacities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. Heart size normal. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is clear. Bony structures appear intact. Right unilateral nipple ring.
861.xml, Stable appearance of the right aortic XXXX. Normal heart size. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or suspicious focal airspace opacity.
3503.xml, The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
3576.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. The lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute bone abnormality.
411.xml, There is some minimal patchy opacity in left base which may represent atelectasis or scarring. The lungs are otherwise clear. The heart and mediastinum are normal for age. There is some arthritic changes of the skeletal structures and there has been previous rotator XXXX repair on the right.
262.xml, The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No discrete nodules or adenopathy are noted. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.
1952.xml, The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. There are low lung volumes, causing bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. Pulmonary opacity seen in the right lung base, may indicate focal infiltrate. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
164.xml, The Cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal. The Heart size is normal. The lungs are clear with no pulmonary effusions or pneumothorax.
452.xml, The lungs appear clear. No evidence of focal pneumonia. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. There is suture material at the left apex suggesting prior lung surgery. In the pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours appear normal.
607.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Scattered bilateral calcified pulmonary nodules. No acute bone abnormality.
3268.xml, The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.
3469.xml, Normal heart size and pulmonary vascularity. There are changes of chronic lung disease noticed by hyperinflated lungs and streaky opacities compatible with scar. Interval placement of the chest XXXX with the tip in the superior XXXX XXXX. No focal infiltrate, pneumothorax or pleural effusion is identified.
3638.xml, Cardiomegaly. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Clear lung XXXX bilaterally.
651.xml, Heart size is XXXX within normal limits. There are surgical clips in the left mediastinum. There is no pneumothorax. There is a small left pleural effusion. Abnormal convexity within the mediastinum XXXX represents adenopathy which is better demonstrated on the prior XXXX.
752.xml, The lungs appear clear. Scattered calcified granulomas are stable as are calcified mediastinal lymph XXXX. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. Mediastinal contours are normal. Pleural spaces are clear.
970.xml, Lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX and soft tissues are unremarkable.
129.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
3385.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.
1739.xml, There is a cortical irregularity along the anterior margin of the sternum. In addition, there is a focal retrosternal hypodense convexity. The cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. The thoracic aorta is torturous however the mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax. There is no large pleural effusion. There is streaky XXXX opacity within the left lung base XXXX representing atelectasis. Otherwise, the lungs are clear. There is thoracic kyphosis. There is hyperinflation of the lungs.
687.xml, The cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal for size. There are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Minimal degenerative endplate changes of the thoracic spine.
423.xml, There is a left subphrenic crescentic lucency, this is concerning for pneumoperitoneum. There are low lung volumes and bilateral moderate to large pleural effusions with bibasilar atelectasis/airspace disease that are larger in size in comparison to the prior exam. No pneumothorax. Heart size upper limits of normal. The left central venous catheter tip overlies the lower SVC. The feeding tube has been placed in the interval and extends below the diaphragm and below the XXXX-of-view.
794.xml, Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Postoperative changes seen in the left humerus. No acute bony abnormalities.
3120.xml, The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Fractures of the posterior left 4th, 5th, and 6th ribs, age-indeterminate.
3635.xml, Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. No focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality. There are stable degenerative changes of the spine.
2300.xml, Heart size is within normal limits. No focal consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No bony abnormalities.
1808.xml, The cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. There is no pulmonary edema. There is no focal consolidation. There are no XXXX of a pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. Multilevel flowing anterior thoracic spine osteophytes, which could represent changes of diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis (DISH).
1640.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Small nodule in the right upper lung is stable. The lungs are otherwise clear.
3465.xml, Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
1196.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. The aorta is atherosclerotic. XXXX airspace disease within the left lower lung. The remainder of the lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Surgical clips overlying the right breast.
2565.xml, The heart is normal in size. The aorta is tortuous. The lungs are hypoinflated. No focal consolidation or pleural effusion seen. Old right-sided rib fracture is noted.
2181.xml, Heart size is moderately enlarged. The pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is suspected right lower lobe airspace opacity XXXX demonstrated on the lateral study. There is a fracture of superior sternotomy XXXX unchanged.
1742.xml, Heart size mildly enlarged. No alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax. S-shaped spine curvature noted.
94.xml, Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are similar to comparison exam and within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The visualized osseous structures appear intact.
3123.xml, The heart is enlarged. Changes of XXXX sternotomy and bypass graft are identified in the lungs are grossly clear. XXXX right pleural thickening versus XXXX pleural effusion is noted. There is no acute infiltrate. No pneumothorax is seen. Mild granulomatous sequela are noted.
1447.xml, The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures short thready changes of the spine.
74.xml, Lungs appear to be clear other than a calcified granuloma on left. Heart is not enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. There is increased kyphosis of the thoracic spine and there are multiple XXXX deformities. A stimulator is seen.
3903.xml, The heart is is at the upper limits of normal in size. The pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. No focal air space opacities. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.
3117.xml, Heart size is normal. The lungs and costophrenic XXXX are clear. The bony thorax is grossly intact.
2481.xml, Heart size is upper limits of normal. Aorta is tortuous. There is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. There is a posterior basilar XXXX opacity seen on lateral XXXX XXXX representing subsegmental atelectasis, XXXX visualized on lateral view. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. Scoliosis of the spine.
3977.xml, Normal heart size. Stable unfolding the thoracic aorta. No focal air space consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable calcified granuloma in the left lower lobe. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable appearance.
2.xml, Borderline cardiomegaly. Midline sternotomy XXXX. Enlarged pulmonary arteries. Clear lungs. Inferior XXXX XXXX XXXX.
3634.xml, Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. No focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality.
1236.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
1190.xml, Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
409.xml, Redemonstration of interstitial opacities, consistent with patient's history of pulmonary fibrosis. Unchanged calcified granulomas at the left greater than right hilum, and in the pretracheal region. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. Cardiomediastinal size is the upper limits of normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal . XXXX XXXX intact.
259.xml, The heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette or normal in size and contour. There is no focal air space opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The osseous structures are intact.
3506.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
989.xml, The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. Prior cholecystectomy
3180.xml, The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.
2204.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
2945.xml, Diffuse bilateral coarse interstitial markings are unchanged. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Degenerative changes of the shoulder. Soft tissues are unremarkable..
3656.xml, Heart size borderline enlarged. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No focal airspace disease. Low lung volumes. Nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. Bony structures appear intact. Mild degenerative disease of the thoracic spine.
2046.xml, There is a minimally displaced fracture of the right lateral 7th rib. There is a small right pleural effusion with associated atelectasis of the right lower lobe. There appears to be a healing fracture of the posterolateral right 8th rib. There is questionable cortical defect involving the sternum seen XXXX on lateral view. XXXX would be XXXX to evaluate this finding. As the small right-sided pleural effusion is visible on both PA and lateral views. There is a XXXX left-sided pleural effusion as well. The left lung appears grossly clear. Heart size and pulmonary XXXX appear normal. There is a mild scoliosis involving the thoracic spine.
523.xml, Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
2636.xml, XXXX sternotomy XXXX remain in XXXX. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
493.xml, Stable appearing bilateral calcified lymph XXXX. The cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. No focal opacity. No large pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax.
3784.xml, AP view was obtained due to patient condition. Low volume lungs. No focal lung consolidation. The heart is not enlarged. No pleural effusion.
3786.xml, In the interval, consolidations have developed in the left upper lobe and both lower lobes. Heart size remains slightly large. Pulmonary XXXX normal.
414.xml, Normal heart size. Clear lungs. Multilevel degenerative disc disease with mild dextrocurvature near the thoracolumbar junction.
762.xml, Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Calcified lymph XXXX are present.
3732.xml, Calcified left hilar lymph node. Lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX and soft tissues are unremarkable.
553.xml, Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Scattered calcified granulomas. Hyperexpanded lungs. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Degenerative changes in the spine without acute bony abnormalities.
176.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.
201.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. There is minimal XXXX airspace opacity in the right middle lobe, XXXX atelectasis. The lungs are otherwise clear of focal airspace disease. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta with atherosclerotic calcification of the aortic XXXX. There are moderate degenerative endplate changes in the thoracic spine. There are no acute bony findings.
3520.xml, Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. Minimal streaky atelectasis the left lung base. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Thoracic spondylosis.
3695.xml, The cardiac silhouette size is at the upper limits of normal. Central vascular markings are mildly prominent. The lungs are normally inflated with no focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality.
1423.xml, Heart size upper limits normal. Vascularity normal.Calcified breast implants obscure some detail. Lungs are clear. Vascular calcifications aorta. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
2389.xml, 2 images. Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No convincing acute bony findings.
2709.xml, There is a subtle left medial base opacity. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Pulmonary vasculature and XXXX are normal. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Osseous structures and soft tissues are normal.
2023.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality.
1744.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal silhouette are unremarkable. Lungs are clear. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion identified. XXXX and soft tissue are unremarkable.
3712.xml, Changes of renal osteodystrophy are noted. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
1534.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Aortic atherosclerosis. Hyperexpanded lungs. XXXX right perihilar/midlung density. Streaky bibasilar opacities, as well. Left upper lobe nodular opacity (anterior first rib interspace) may be exaggerated by overlapping bone silhouettes. Grossly similar midthoracic vertebral XXXX fracture.
1499.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Low lung volumes. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Bony thorax is unremarkable.
3872.xml, The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.
2810.xml, Heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. Aorta is mildly tortuous. Lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Mild degenerative changes in the spine.
3399.xml, A strandy infiltrate has developed in the left lower lobe. Right lung is clear. Heart size remains normal.
1435.xml, The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.
352.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. The trachea is midline. No focal pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
3568.xml, The heart size is normal with stable appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. The lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There are stable calcified right peritracheal lymph XXXX. The osseous structures are intact.
2183.xml, Moderate cardiomegaly. Bibasilar and perihilar interstitial opacities. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusions.
1200.xml, The heart is not enlarged. The central pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Small right juxtahilar opacity may represent infiltrate. Lungs are otherwise well aerated.
3431.xml, Heart size normal. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Bony structures grossly intact.
2439.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are hyperinflated. There is biapical scarring. No acute infiltrate or pleural effusion seen.
1024.xml, Heart size is normal. The lungs are clear. There are no focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. Normal pulmonary vascularity.
3603.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.
500.xml, The heart is enlarged. Pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. There is a nerve stimulator device projecting over the left hemithorax. The lungs are grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
467.xml, Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.
333.xml, The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
912.xml, No focal consolidation. No visualized pneumothorax. No large pleural effusions. Heart size is normal. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable.
2627.xml, Postsurgical changes of the right chest. Mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. Lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the spine.
3607.xml, Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The patient is status post CABG. A few XXXX opacities are present in the left base, the appearance which XXXX scarring or atelectasis. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.
3636.xml, Normal cardiomediastinal silhouettes. Mild hyperexpansion of the lungs. Stable appearance of scarring at lung bases. Prominent bilateral interstitial opacities are chronic in XXXX. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute osseous abnormality.
169.xml, The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
1550.xml, Heart size, cardiomediastinal silhouette, and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There are no infiltrates, effusions, or pneumothorax.
2820.xml, PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained. The heart is normal in size. Mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
746.xml, There is stable XXXX scarring or atelectasis in the left midlung. The lungs are otherwise grossly clear. The heart size is near the upper limits of normal. Mediastinal silhouette is normal. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. XXXX T-spine osteophytes are noted.
1368.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.
3606.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.
3757.xml, The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Mild tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta. XXXX sternotomy XXXX noted. Inferior sternotomy XXXX is disrupted.
2026.xml, The trachea is midline. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear, without evidence of focal consolidation or pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
717.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.
2147.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Mild spondylosis.
1699.xml, There is mild XXXX mentally without pulmonary edema. Tortuous thoracic aorta, unchanged. Stable positioning of the dual-XXXX cardiac XXXX device. No visible pneumothorax. There is a small left pleural effusion. Focal airspace consolidation is visualized in the superior segment of the left lower lobe, XXXX appreciated on lateral projection. Increased retrosternal clear space suggesting chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
1226.xml, The heart size is within normal limits. Trachea is midline. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal contours are normal. There is focal consolidation in the posterior segment of the right lower lobe. No bony or soft tissue abnormalities.
1888.xml, Cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. There are stable fractures of several XXXX XXXX. Lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Degenerative changes are seen in the spine.
2853.xml, A cardiac defibrillator device is in XXXX over the left chest wall with a single XXXX projecting over the right ventricle. The cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal for size. The thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous and calcified. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Minimal degenerative endplate changes of the thoracic spine. No acute, displaced rib fractures.
1942.xml, The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size is moderately enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. There is a XXXX ICD generator obscuring the left lateral midlung with the leads projecting over the expected location of the right atrium, right ventricle, and coronary sinus.
1192.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.
357.xml, Cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. The right heart XXXX appears obscured and there are streaky right medial basilar airspace opacities, possibly due to airspace disease or atelectasis. Otherwise, no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The visualized osseous structures appear intact.
1781.xml, Heart size mediastinal contours are normal in appearance. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
3018.xml, Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace disease. Stable 4 mm lateral left midlung calcified granuloma. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
2077.xml, Right jugular XXXX catheter present with tip overlying the lower SVC. Curvilinear density projecting over the upper chest appears external on the lateral projection. Correlate clinically. Normal heart size and mediastinal contour appear normal pulmonary vascularity. XXXX scar/subsegmental atelectasis in the lingula. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute osseous findings. Mild degenerative changes of the spine.
2840.xml, This study is limited by the patient body habitus. Lungs appear to be clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal.
1978.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. Cholecystectomy clips are present.
3067.xml, Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.
871.xml, Chest. Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or effusions. Pelvis. There are numerous clips overlying the pelvis and lower abdomen. Nonobstructive bowel XXXX pattern. No pathologic calcifications. Hip joint spaces are symmetric and normal. Sacroiliac joints are unremarkable. No fractures or dislocations.
1920.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. Lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
2338.xml, Compared to prior examination, there is significant improvement in aeration bilaterally, with improved bilateral airspace opacities. Currently, there are only minimal streaky opacities in the bilateral midlung, which may represent mild residual airspace disease, atelectasis, or underlying changes of chronic lung disease. No large focal consolidations, pneumothorax, or definite pleural effusions identified. The mediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits for size and contour. No acute osseous abnormality is identified.
3150.xml, The trachea is midline. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The there are XXXX opacities in the left lower lobe of the lung, which are most XXXX dependent atelectasis. There is no pneumothorax. Visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
1114.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.
2328.xml, Heart size is normal. The lungs are clear. There are no XXXX focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The hilar and mediastinal contours are unchanged. Again noted is tortuosity and unfolding of the thoracic aorta. Aortic vascular calcifications. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Bone demineralization.
1820.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. No focal lung consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality.
661.xml, Spinal stimulator in XXXX. Lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
3138.xml, The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no evidence of tuberculous disease. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
123.xml, Mild cardiomegaly. Tortuous aorta. No focal infiltrate. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Soft tissue density identified in the medial right apex which is asymmetric compared to left.
504.xml, Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Stable XXXX opacity in the left base, XXXX scarring or atelectasis. Rounded calcified density in the left lung base, XXXX calcified granuloma. No XXXX consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable degenerative changes of the spine.
1539.xml, The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pleural effusion is identified.
141.xml, Cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The visualized osseous structures appear intact.
194.xml, Heart size upper limits of normal. Small amount of left basilar airspace disease. The right lung is clear. There are no cavitary lesions seen. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusions.
2248.xml, Heart size is normal. The lungs are clear. There are no focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. Normal pulmonary vascularity.
1444.xml, There is a healing fracture involving the left posterolateral 7th rib. There is XXXX deformity of the 8th vertebral body. These bony lesions may be secondary to the patient's known multiple myeloma. The lungs appear clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. The pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal.
355.xml, Lung volumes are low. Prominent increased interstitial markings in both lungs are unchanged in the interval. Bullae are present both upper lobes, right worse than left. No pleural air collections. Heart size normal.
1918.xml, There is a 1.5 cm nodular opacity projecting over left hilum. The cardiac silhouette is within normal limits. There is no pulmonary edema. There is no focal consolidation. There are no XXXX of pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. XXXX opacities XXXX representing surgical clips, in the midline at the level of the thoracic inlet.
3759.xml, There is hyperexpansion of lungs and flattening of the diaphragm consistent with COPD. No focal lung consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. There is a kyphosis and osteopenia of the thoracic spine. No displaced rib fractures.
3339.xml, There are no focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary opacities. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. Osseous structures are intact.
1159.xml, Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. Bony structures are intact.
1875.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Mild tortuosity of the aorta. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
3233.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are mildly hyperinflated with flattening of the hemidiaphragms. Coarsened interstitial testes appear chronic and compatible with emphysema. There is minimal XXXX scarring or atelectasis in the left lung base. The lungs are otherwise clear of focal infiltrate, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
2184.xml, The heart is mildly enlarged. Mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. There are streaky left basilar airspace opacities, compatible with atelectasis as seen on comparison abdomen and pelvis CT. There is a left upper lung granuloma. Otherwise, no focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. XXXX appear intact.
3983.xml, There is a left basilar airspace opacity. Right basilar atelectasis. The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The XXXX are intact.
1429.xml, Mediastinal contours are normal. Heart size is within normal limits. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
2256.xml, XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. One AP view is expiratory and was repeated. The heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. Aortic XXXX appear unremarkable. Lungs demonstrate no focal infiltrates. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.
2360.xml, The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pleural effusion is identified.
2197.xml, Heart size is normal. There are XXXX opacities which appear to XXXX XXXX above the right XXXX fissure. There is mild thickening in the fissure. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusions.
3122.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. Pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. The lungs are well-aerated. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation.
1303.xml, In the interval, a 3 cm uncalcified mass has developed in the posterior segment of the right upper lobe. In addition, on the PA view, an 8 mm opacity is adjacent to the left XXXX of the heart. This opacity cannot be well identified on the lateral view. It may be artifactual, but another mass on the left cannot be excluded. Mediastinum is normal with no evidence for adenopathy. Heart size normal. Note XXXX of an unchanged hiatal hernia.
1843.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
2569.xml, The heart is normal size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Atherosclerotic calcifications present within the thoracic aorta. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. Mild emphysematous changes are noted. Bilateral apical pleural scarring is present. Calcified granuloma is present within the right lower lobe. The XXXX are generally unremarkable.
1343.xml, There is mild cardiomegaly. The transverse XXXX is calcified. There is a moderate hiatal hernia. The lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine are noted.
76.xml, Apparent scarring within the lingula. Lungs are otherwise clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
2014.xml, Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary XXXX and vasculature, central airways and aeration of the lungs. No focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. There is subphrenic intraperitoneal extraluminal XXXX free XXXX.
1281.xml, Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Degenerative changes are seen in the spine.
1383.xml, There is significant interval decrease in right middle and right lower lobe opacification. Persistent small right pleural effusion and XXXX XXXX atelectasis. No pneumothorax. Stable appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. No acute bone abnormality.
2956.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
2267.xml, The lateral view is degraded by patient motion. Lungs are grossly clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the spine.
1145.xml, Lungs are hyperexpanded. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal heart size and mediastinal contour.
1005.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.
907.xml, Low lung volumes are present. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There has been interval development of multiple healed left rib fractures. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.
3589.xml, Cardiomediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity stable and within normal limits. Lung volumes are slightly low. There are streaky left basal opacities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute osseous findings. No free air is demonstrated.
3658.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Biapical fibronodular pleural thickening/scarring. There is a XXXX like deformity of the anterior cortex of the XXXX body (lateral view). Negative for retrosternal density. Prior cholecystectomy. Critical result notification documented through Primordial.
2509.xml, The lungs are hyperexpanded, with increased AP diameter of the chest. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and normal. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
1339.xml, Small 3.3 mm right-sided pneumothorax only visible on the left lateral decubitus film. Left lung is clear. Normal cardiac contour. No evidence of pleural effusion.
1599.xml, Normal heart size, mediastinal and aortic contours. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Atherosclerotic calcifications identified within the aortic XXXX. The lungs are clear. No focal consolidation, visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Flowing thoracic spine osteophytes noted.
382.xml, Stable, normal cardiac size, mediastinum, and central pulmonary vasculature. Marked bullous emphysematous changes and traction bronchiectasis, again most notable involving the bilateral upper lobes. Stable prominent ovoid opacity (4.3 x 2.8 XXXX) XXXX a large left upper lobe XXXX, XXXX reflecting a superimposed aspergilloma-as more readily demonstrated on the previous CT chest study from XXXX. No XXXX areas of alveolar airspace consolidation are identified. No evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
908.xml, The lungs appear clear. There are calcified nodules projecting in the right upper lung. Mediastinal contours appear normal. The heart pulmonary XXXX appear normal. Pleural spaces are clear. Surgical clips are identified in the right neck and left mediastinum.
3252.xml, No evidence of airspace opacity. No effusion or noncalcified nodules. No evidence of pneumothorax. Normal heart size and mediastinum. Visualized XXXX of the chest are within normal limits.
2069.xml, Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
3843.xml, A right-sided chest XXXX remains in XXXX with the distal tip at the level of the mid SVC. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pulmonary nodules or mass lesions identified. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
3679.xml, Normal heart. Clear lungs. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion.
1099.xml, There are changes of XXXX sternotomy and CABG. Heart size is within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.
2828.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
10.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Stable calcified granuloma within the right upper lung. No acute bone abnormality..
2504.xml, No focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious bony opacities. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No pneumothorax.
2551.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
3783.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Bony thorax is unremarkable.
866.xml, Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.
1732.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal silhouette are unremarkable. Lungs are clear. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion identified. XXXX and soft tissue are unremarkable.
2768.xml, XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. Aortic XXXX appear unremarkable. Lungs demonstrate no acute findings. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.
3687.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits given AP projection. The right lung appears clear. There is minimal patchy atelectasis or early infiltrate in left lung base. No visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is a partially visualized IVC XXXX on the lateral view. There are partially visualized surgical changes the cervical spine compatible with prior fusion procedure.
3833.xml, No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion identified. Stable blunting of the right costophrenic XXXX XXXX due to pleural thickening/sclerosis. Redemonstration and stable appearance of bilateral calcified granulomas/lymph XXXX. Changes in the lungs consistent with COPD/emphysema. Cardiomediastinal silhouette stable and unremarkable. No acute osseous abnormalities identified. Opacity in the left apex consistent with radiation change seen on prior CT.
2008.xml, No focal consolidation. No visualized pneumothorax. No pleural effusions. Heart size normal. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
1569.xml, The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures show arthritic changes.
492.xml, No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. XXXX XXXX are intact.
2600.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. Note XXXX of placement of a retention XXXX in the lower cervical spine.
1370.xml, Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. There is mild haziness in the right lung and left base, which could represent infiltrate. No pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Stable XXXX deformity of a midthoracic vertebra.
1022.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. No change in the small calcified right upper lobe nodule. Heart and mediastinum normal.
2190.xml, Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the spine. spinal stimulator is in XXXX with tip overlying the T9 vertebral body.
763.xml, There are scattered calcified granulomas. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits.
2476.xml, Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.
2863.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
2805.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
3818.xml, Heart and mediastinum within normal limits. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.
679.xml, XXXX sternotomy XXXX are intact and unchanged position from prior exam. Lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX and soft tissues are unremarkable.
2599.xml, There is an irregular opacity projecting over the left apex. Additionally there is a more inferior left upper lobe opacity measuring approximately 6 mm in diameter. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusions. Heart size is normal limits. Degenerative changes thoracic spine.
1089.xml, The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The descending thoracic aorta is tortuous. Central venous catheter is again noted. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. The left hemidiaphragm remains elevated. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.
2743.xml, There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. Normal heart size. Calcific aorta. Normal vascular markings. No focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.
250.xml, The lungs are clear. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
1284.xml, Left-sided dual-XXXX cardiac XXXX in stable position. The heart is of normal size. Interval decrease and left basilar opacity. Increase in XXXX opacities in the right lung base. No pneumothorax or large effusion. The pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. Calcification of the thoracic aorta.
709.xml, Heart size is normal. The lungs are clear. There are no focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Aortic vascular calcifications. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Fracture-dislocation of the right shoulder. Bone demineralization. Scoliosis which is possibly positional.
2489.xml, The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. The lung volumes are low. There is a calcified granuloma in the right hilum. Minimal XXXX atelectasis or scarring in the left lower lobe. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.
1282.xml, Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Patchy right lower lobe airspace opacities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
3289.xml, Normal cardiac size and contour, unremarkable mediastinal silhouette. Normal pulmonary XXXX. Lungs clear, no airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.
1722.xml, The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Nodular densities projecting over the posterior 9th ribs bilaterally are consistent with nipple shadows. Lungs are hyperexpanded. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
332.xml, There are are streaky retrocardiac left lower lobe opacities, in the correct clinical setting this could represent a pneumonia. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The cardiac silhouette is within normal limits.
2936.xml, The heart size is mildly enlarged. The pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is a moderate sized hiatal hernia. There mild degenerative changes of the spine.
2231.xml, Heart XXXX, mediastinum, XXXX, bony structures are unremarkable. Possible subtle increased opacity in right apex versus technique. Otherwise no significant interval change compared to prior study
2865.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. XXXX closure device demonstrated projecting over the right heart. There are no acute bony findings.
2333.xml, Heart size is normal. No focal consolidations. There is a 6 mm calcified granuloma at the medial right lung base. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
1262.xml, The cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There are low lung volumes. There is no focal consolidation. There is pneumothorax. There is no large pleural effusion. There is prominent right anterior first rib end.
3746.xml, Compared to prior examination, XXXX stent has been removed. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits. Stable mild atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic XXXX are noted. There are mildly low lung volumes without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion identified. No acute bony abnormality seen.
128.xml, Sequelae of old granulomatous disease. Lungs are overall hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms. No focal consolidation. Prominent interstitial markings are again noted which are predominantly lower lobe and peripheral suggesting pulmonary fibrosis. This appearance is overall not significantly XXXX. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum are stable with atherosclerotic vascular disease. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
1069.xml, Heart size within normal limits. There is mild hyperexpansion with flattening diaphragms and bronchovascular crowding in the lung bases compatible with emphysema. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.
3335.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
108.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is Within normal limits the lungs are hypoinflated. There is mild increase in perihilar markings XXXX related to patient's history bronchitis. No acute infiltrate or pleural effusion are seen.
1647.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
69.xml, The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.
101.xml, The heart is again mildly enlarged. Mediastinal contours are stable. Patient is somewhat rotated. The lungs are hypoinflated with elevated left hemidiaphragm. XXXX XXXX opacities compatible with atelectasis. No large effusion is seen. There is no focal consolidation. Pulmonary vascularity is mildly accentuated. There are bilateral degenerative changes of the XXXX with probable chronic dislocation of the left humerus. Correlate clinically.
3867.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
38.xml, Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. Bony structures are intact.
3330.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.
3550.xml, Normal heart size. Prominent contour of the ascending aorta, consistent with ectasia. Normal mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
400.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Stable small right basilar calcified granuloma. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
2812.xml, Lung volumes are low. In the interval, a patchy infiltrate has developed in the right lower lobe. Heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal.
561.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.
3241.xml, The lungs focal airspace consolidation. There is atelectasis of the left lung base. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Cervical vertebral XXXX is partially visible at the top of the radiographs.
1173.xml, PA and moderate loss of the chest demonstrate stable moderate cardiomediastinal silhouette with atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic XXXX and mild aortic ectasia. Emphysematous changes with flattening of the hemidiaphragms. Blunting of the costophrenic XXXX, and XXXX secondary to scarring/emphysematous changes. No evidence of focal airspace consolidation large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.
1255.xml, XXXX XXXX right-sided chest tube tip now projects outside the thoracic cavity. No definite residual pneumothorax. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. There are low lung volumes. No large pleural effusion. No focal airspace consolidation. Small amount of subdiaphragmatic free air.
3111.xml, Stable appearance of previous XXXX sternotomy. Stable cardiomegaly. Stable mild bilateral interstitial opacities in which may represent mild pulmonary edema. No evidence of large pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
3049.xml, Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
2430.xml, The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Osteopenia and XXXX deformities, degenerative changes and scoliosis are present in the thoracic spine. Calcified granuloma is present in the left upper lobe. On XXXX component of a XXXX scan XXXX XXXX/XXXX, several nodules were identified. A nodule is seen in the right middle lobe which corresponds with one of the nodules present on the previous CT scan.
889.xml, Cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The visualized osseous structures appear intact.
3285.xml, The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
2595.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
1667.xml, The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. The lungs are well-expanded and clear. There is no focal airspace opacity. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. There is irregularity of the 7th posterior right rib with underlying pleural thickening.
3633.xml, Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Low lung volumes.
520.xml, No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. Old rib fractures, healed. Stable increased density overlying the lower mediastinum, unchanged, is XXXX due to hiatal hernia seen on XXXX examination.
3378.xml, There is a moderate right-sided pneumothorax measuring approximately 3.3 cm in the right apex. There is a minimally displaced right lateral 8th rib fracture and probable nondisplaced right lateral 7th rib fracture. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Left lung is clear.
658.xml, The lungs are clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. The pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal.
3749.xml, Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.
2326.xml, Heart size mildly enlarged, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. Right hemidiaphragm eventration. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.
2429.xml, The heart is normal in size. Mild convexity of right mediastinal contour XXXX superimposed vasculature/ aortic tortuosity. No focal consolidation or pleural effusion are seen.
1689.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.
3362.xml, The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size is upper limits of normal, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. .
3602.xml, Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. Calcified bilateral lung and perihilar granulomas. The lungs are clear without focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.. XXXX XXXX are intact without acute osseous abnormality.
720.xml, The cardiac silhouette, upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no acute air space infiltrate, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
18.xml, Heart size within normal limits. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.
3347.xml, The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Lower lung volumes on the AP projection. Heart size is upper limits of normal, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Implantable cardiac XXXX are visualized on the lateral projection in the region of the expected location of the mitral valve XXXX. XXXX sternotomy XXXX noted.
1991.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. The lungs are hypoinflated. There are XXXX streaky opacities predominantly in the left lung base possibly related to scarring and atelectasis. XXXX B-lines are also noted. Definite infiltrate is not excluded. There is no large effusion.
1876.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Right apical pleural retraction. Hyperexpansion, flattening of diaphragms, and increased AP diameter consistent with history of COPD. Degenerative disease of the thoracic spine is present.
1857.xml, Mild cardiomegaly. Normal size and mediastinal contours. Clear lungs. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Unremarkable XXXX.
1724.xml, The lungs are mildly hyperinflated, with upper lobe areas of lung lucency suggesting obstructive pulmonary disease and emphysema. No superimposed focal airspace consolidation is seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is normal.
2817.xml, Evaluation is limited due to obscuration by the patient's arm on the lateral view. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. Pulmonary vascular is unremarkable. XXXX are chronic, coarse interstitial lung markings. Peripheral opacity along the right mid lung XXXX reflects scar or a small amount of loculated pleural fluid or thickening. Otherwise negative for focal airspace disease or consolidation. Hyperlucent lungs with apical XXXX. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Limited evaluation reveals the XXXX XXXX to be grossly intact.
669.xml, Cardiomegaly is present. The upper lobe pulmonary vascularity appears mildly prominent consistent with pulmonary venous hypertension. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. Bony changes of renal osteodystrophy are noted.
522.xml, There is hyperinflation of the lungs. A small area scarring is seen in the left cardiophrenic XXXX region. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
3452.xml, Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. No focal infiltrate, pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified.
3896.xml, There are low lung volumes. The lungs are clear. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour appear within normal limits.
1817.xml, The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. Upper thorax is poorly visualized due to patient's overlying head and chin. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Background of mild coarse interstitial opacities seen throughout the lungs XXXX related to background of emphysema. Calcified granuloma is seen in the left medial lung base. There is no consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Deformity of the right 6th rib laterally has appearance of acute or subacute fracture. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine are again seen.
2973.xml, Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. There has been improvement in the previously identified right midlung zone airspace disease. Minimal residual opacities remain which may represent small areas of scarring. No XXXX focal airspace disease is seen. No pleural effusion is identified. Implantable defibrillator is noted. Calcified granuloma is present in the left base.
558.xml, The lungs are clear. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There are a few scattered calcified granulomas. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits.
1216.xml, No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits, no mediastinal widening characteristic in appearance of vascular injury. No acute osseous injury XXXX demonstrated.
443.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. Degenerative changes of thoracic spine.
2546.xml, The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The thoracic aorta is tortuous. Lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
3096.xml, The heart is normal in size. Prominent right paratracheal soft tissue density. Rounded mass in the right middle lobe measures approximately 4.6 cm x 3.7 cm. There is mild surrounding airspace disease and/or atelectasis. No pleural effusions noted. The visualized bony thorax appears grossly intact.
3127.xml, The heart size is normal. There is prominent left epicardial fat. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
2883.xml, Stable cardiomegaly with left-sided implanted ICD. Hilar pulmonary venous vasculature stable compared to prior examination. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusions identified. No acute osseous abnormality is identified.
3281.xml, The heart size is within normal limits. Cardiomediastinal contour is normal. There is a right upper lobe nodule measuring 8 mm in diameter. Trachea is midline. The lungs otherwise clear. XXXX and soft tissues are unremarkable.
3956.xml, AP and lateral views of the chest were obtained. The heart is normal size. Mediastinum is unremarkable. Lungs are hypoinflated but clear. No focal consolidation is seen.
3819.xml, Frontal (on two cassettes) and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. The cardiac silhouette remains markedly enlarged. There is aortic XXXX vascular calcification. No XXXX focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
1367.xml, The heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. There is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic XXXX blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. Bony structures are within normal limits.
701.xml, There are postsurgical and postradiation changes of the left lung with a spiculated, hyperdense scar in the left upper thorax. There is a loss of lung volume on the left due to postsurgical change. XXXX deviation towards the left. Right lung is hyperexpanded. The right lung is clear. Heart size and vascularity within normal limits.
2061.xml, The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.
3852.xml, Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion. Eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine without fracture.
20.xml, The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. The lungs are well expanded and clear. There are no focal air space opacities. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. There are mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
3074.xml, Sequelae of old granulomatous disease. Vague patchy opacity in the right midlung which may represent early pneumonia. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the spine.
1655.xml, PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. The lungs are well aerated. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. Degenerative spine.
2293.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. The previously visualized bilateral pneumothoraces have resolved. Right chest wall surgical XXXX have been removed. There is improved aeration in the lung bases with mild residual XXXX opacities compatible with scarring or atelectasis.
2091.xml, The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. XXXX XXXX of the spine.
3855.xml, In the interval, the interval, there has been development of multiple nodules in both the upper and lower lobes bilaterally. The previously identified left lower lobe nodule has increased in size. Left hemidiaphragm is slightly elevated, possibly from splinting. The mediastinum remains normal. Heart size normal.
1464.xml, The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is a calcified granuloma in the left lung base.
2368.xml, The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. There is mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
3655.xml, Well circumscribed 11 mm right upper lobe nodule, unchanged appearance from previous examination 7 years ago. The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion. The heart size is normal. Redemonstrated syndesmophyte.
1019.xml, The heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. There is blunting of the right lateral costophrenic sulcus which could be secondary to a small effusion versus scarring. No focal airspace consolidation or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.
3110.xml, Heart size, mediastinal and aortic contours are within normal limits. Normal pulmonary vasculature. The lungs are clear. No visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Elevated right hemidiaphragm. Mild degenerative changes of the spine.
1682.xml, There is a lobulated contour to the right paratracheal stripe, possibly consistent with a vascular structure or lymph XXXX. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is otherwise within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. The thoracic spine appears intact.
2454.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal in size and contour. Right lung is clear. Stable blunting of costophrenic XXXX with improved aeration of the left base compared to prior exam. No visualized pneumothorax or focal consolidation. XXXX unremarkable.
3265.xml, The heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.
1278.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.
1411.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
998.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouette demonstrates normal heart size with tortuosity and atherosclerosis of the thoracic aorta. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality identified. Multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine noted.
1666.xml, The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. There are scattered bilateral XXXX opacities, most notably in the right middle lobe, XXXX XXXX of subsegmental atelectasis. No pleural effusion. No pneumothorax is identified. There are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
1113.xml, Previous sulcal is normal in size and contour. Lungs are clear. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Interval resolution of previously described right midlung opacity suggesting resolved inflammatory/infectious process. Lungs are hyperexpanded with flattened diaphragms. XXXX and soft tissue are unremarkable.
3497.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Multiple calcified granulomas identified bilaterally. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
3029.xml, Normal cardiac contour. Clear lung XXXX bilaterally. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Degenerative seen throughout cervical spine.
2475.xml, Heart size remains slightly large. Pulmonary XXXX are normal. Aorta tortuous.
1834.xml, Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
318.xml, Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.
502.xml, Chest. The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. The heart size is normal. Abdomen. No pneumoperitoneum. There is a normal bowel XXXX pattern. Air and stool visible throughout the entire large colon including the rectum. No abnormally dilated small bowel loops. No evidence for intussusception or small bowel obstruction. No pathologic calcifications XXXX over the abdomen or pelvis. XXXX XXXX are without fracture or destructive lesion, though there are mild degenerative changes throughout the lumbar spine. Small hiatal hernia is not as well demonstrated on this exam.
1861.xml, Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. There is no focal consolidation. There are no XXXX of a large pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax. There is no acute bony abnormality seen.
2833.xml, The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. Both clavicles appear within normal limits on this limited radiographic evaluation.
1373.xml, The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
3646.xml, The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax.
486.xml, The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. XXXX scar in the right lateral midlung. Adjacent focal pleural thickening is noted. Chronic blunting of both lateral costophrenic XXXX. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Tortuous, ectatic thoracic aorta, unchanged. XXXX sternotomy XXXX intact.
1866.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
670.xml, The heart is top normal in size. The mediastinum is Stable. The aorta is atherosclerotic. There are mild chronic changes without focal consolidation. No pleural effusion is seen.
3199.xml, The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
945.xml, In the interval, consolidation has developed in the left upper lobe. Also, anterior segment XXXX opacity is present. Right lung remains clear. Heart size is normal.
1410.xml, The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
106.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
3261.xml, Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
432.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Cholecystectomy clips overlie the right upper quadrant. No acute bone abnormality.
3299.xml, The cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. Otherwise the lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion.
3205.xml, No pneumothorax. Heart size is normal. No large pleural effusions. No focal airspace opacities. No definite visualized rib fractures.
728.xml, In the interval, a 2 cm diameter nodule has developed in the posterior segment of the left lower lobe. It is not calcified. No other infiltrates or masses in the lungs. Heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. XXXX are normal.
2773.xml, The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. Mild degenerative changes at the lower thoracic spine.
3653.xml, The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. There are diminished lung volumes with XXXX XXXX atelectasis. The cardiac silhouette is unchanged. There is mild to moderate tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. Thoracic spondylosis is again seen.
2027.xml, Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. In the left midlung zone there is identified a 1.5 cm nodule. This appears somewhat dense and may contain calcium although this cannot be stated with certainty.
604.xml, The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. PICC line is in XXXX. The tip is in the upper right atrium.
3623.xml, Soft tissue and bony structures unremarkable. Heart size is upper limit of normal. Lung XXXX are clear. No effusion or pneumothorax. Calcified lymph XXXX stable from prior exam.
3892.xml, Normal heart size. Bibasilar patchy opacities, left greater than right. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusions. Left-sided subclavian central venous catheter with tip in the right atrium. No significant pulmonary edema. Low lung volumes. Exaggeration of the thoracic kyphosis with evidence of lower thoracic vertebral body the deep opacities. Multiple mild vertebral body wedge deformities in the mid thoracic spine. Moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Multiple bilateral rib fractures, some of which appear old. Interval XXXX deformity of the vertebral body XXXX XXXX the level of the two vertebroplasty XXXX.
784.xml, Normal heart size. Tortuous calcified aorta. Scattered granulomas. No lobar pneumonia. Probable XXXX post your recess effusions. Kyphotic degenerated osteopenic thoracic spine.
1804.xml, Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. There is a right chest XXXX with central venous catheter tip overlying the high SVC. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.
2744.xml, Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
2432.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
1053.xml, There are postoperative changes of sternotomy and CABG. There is stable mild cardiomegaly. There are scattered XXXX of subsegmental atelectasis, decreased from the prior chest radiograph. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
441.xml, Mediastinal contours are normal. Heart size is within normal limits. Multiple scattered calcified pulmonary nodules, XXXX sequela of prior granulomatous disease. Otherwise lungs are clear.. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No bony abnormality.
3608.xml, Chest: The heart is enlarged. There may be a pericardial effusion. No definite pulmonary edema is seen. Lungs appear clear. There is no pleural effusion. The skeletal structures and soft tissues are unremarkable. KUB XXXX: XXXX single view of the abdomen was obtained. The bowel XXXX pattern is nonspecific. There is no evidence for obstruction or free intraperitoneal air. No large soft tissue masses or organomegaly are identified. The skeletal structures appear normal.
1138.xml, No pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. No focal areas of consolidation. Heart size within normal limits. Osseous structures intact.
48.xml, The cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are well-inflated and clear. There is an 8mm nodule in the left lower lobe, XXXX calcified granuloma. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. Bony structures of the thorax are intact with minimal early degenerative change.
1062.xml, XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. Aortic XXXX appear unremarkable. Lungs demonstrate no acute findings. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. No displaced rib fracture visualized.
2416.xml, The outside x-XXXX is normal except for slight cardiomegaly.
1068.xml, Heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal infiltrate, pneumothorax or pleural effusion is identified.
3621.xml, Lung volumes remain low. No infiltrates. Heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal.
621.xml, The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
2174.xml, The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours, lungs, pleura, osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are normal.
3101.xml, The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Degenerative changes are present in the spine. Stent is noted in the abdomen. The thoracic aorta is tortuous. Calcified granuloma are noted.
2094.xml, The lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Prominent pericardial fat XXXX is again noted. There is a stable granuloma overlying a lower thoracic vertebral body. The XXXX are unremarkable.
241.xml, The trachea is midline. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
1519.xml, Lungs are mildly hypoinflated with asymmetric elevation of the right hemidiaphragm, of uncertain chronicity. There is mild basilar bronchovascular crowding, without evidence of focal airspace disease. Heart is XXXX within normal limits for low lung volumes and AP technique. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
3995.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are mildly hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms and expansion of the retrosternal clear space. Compared with prior exam, there has been interval resolution of previously demonstrated bibasilar infiltrates. There is minimal XXXX scarring or atelectasis in the right midlung. There is no XXXX focal airspace disease. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
3007.xml, There is a cardiac pacemaker. Leads overlie the right atrium and right ventricle. The leads appear intact. There are XXXX left lower lobe opacities, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. There are mild right apical opacities, XXXX scarring. Heart size is within normal limits. There is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. There are mild diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
3630.xml, Frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. There is aortic XXXX vascular calcification. And there is a hyper left lung calcified granuloma. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary XXXX and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. No pleural effusion. There are vascular and skeletal senescent changes.
1291.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Mild prominence left hilar contour. Bony structures are intact.
3946.xml, There are no focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary opacities. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. Osseous structures are intact.
3672.xml, Stable appearance of aortic valve prosthesis. Sternotomy XXXX. Aortic calcifications. Mild interstitial edema. No focal infiltrate. No effusion or pneumothorax. Mild cardiomegaly.
1531.xml, Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal contours with aortic ectasia/tortuosity. Left hilar and left lower lobe calcifications XXXX indicate a previous granulomatous process. No alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.
2090.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality.
3524.xml, The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. The lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The XXXX are intact.
2291.xml, Heart size is normal. The lungs are clear. There are no focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Umbilical piercing.
937.xml, Normal cardiac size. Normal pulmonary vasculature. No airspace disease. Negative for pneumothorax. Negative for acute osseous deformity. The thoracic spine has a normal appearance.
2296.xml, The heart is normal in size with normal appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. There is a hiatal hernia with soft tissue projecting behind the mediastinum. The lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, pneumothorax. The osseous structures are intact.
3619.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal XXXX appear normal. No visible pneumothorax, focal airspace opacity, or pleural effusion is seen. No visible free air under the diaphragm. The osseous structures appear intact.
388.xml, Cardiomegaly is unchanged. Stable superior mediastinal contour with tortuous calcified aorta. Normal pulmonary vascularity. No focal air space consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality. Changes of prior right mastectomy.
2239.xml, Frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. Normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways. There is interstitial prominence and is basilar patchy air space opacity. No focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
3489.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Normal XXXX.
1067.xml, Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. Bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable.
2349.xml, Heart size and vascularity normal. These contour normal. Lungs clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
3259.xml, There is a large calcified granuloma in the right apex. Mild patchy opacities are seen in the upper lung zones bilaterally similar to prior studies. The heart and mediastinum are normal. Scoliosis and arthritic changes of the spine are present.
3954.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.
3193.xml, Mild hyperinflation. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits, visualized osseous structures appear intact.
2707.xml, Dual-XXXX cardiac pacemaker is in stable, XXXX position. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. There is a prominent epicardial fat XXXX. Heart size is within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. There is stable tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta. There is mild, smooth apical pleural thickening bilaterally. There are no acute bony findings.
649.xml, The heart size is normal. Mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Postsurgical changes of left hemithorax are stable. Skin XXXX have been removed since prior study study. The left apical pneumothorax has resolved. There are mild chronic opacities in the left lung base with probable small residual effusion. The right lung is grossly clear.
3336.xml, The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are several age-indeterminate left-sided rib fractures noted. There is a calcified right hilar lymph node. There basilar calcified granulomas. There minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
579.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
845.xml, Minimal subsegmental atelectasis posteriorly. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
1717.xml, The cardiac contours are normal. Prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.
3439.xml, Normal heart size. Clear lungs. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
353.xml, XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. There is improvement in bilateral pulmonary edema with mild residual. There is minimal right-sided pleural effusion. Heart silhouette is not enlarged. There is calcified mediastinal lymph XXXX. There is no pneumothorax
712.xml, The lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. There is no focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal heart size and mediastinal contour.
3618.xml, The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The lungs are clear. No focal consolidations. The osseous structures are intact.
2708.xml, The cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There are calcified mediastinal lymph XXXX, with a calcified right lower lobe pulmonary nodule. The lungs are well-inflated and clear. There is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. There are degenerative changes of the first costochondral joints bilaterally. No acute bony abnormalities are seen.
1346.xml, There is a right chest XXXX with catheter tip at the cavoatrial junction. Heart size is at the upper limits of normal. Lungs are grossly clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
1363.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Negative for effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace consolidation. The lungs are normally aerated.
2240.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.
2516.xml, Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. Stable mild hyperinflation, right apical pleural-parenchymal irregularities compatible with scarring. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.
1422.xml, The heart is normal in size. The pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. A wedge-shaped opacity has developed in the right upper lobe. There is also XXXX patchy opacification identified in the left upper lobe. No acute bony abnormality.
3131.xml, No focal consolidation. No visualized pneumothorax. No large pleural effusions. The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are grossly unremarkable.
3692.xml, Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. Lungs are expanded and clear airspace disease. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Limited evaluation reveals the XXXX XXXX to be grossly intact.
3006.xml, Cardiomegaly is present. The pulmonary vascularity appears within normal limits. Thoracic aorta is tortuous. Patient is status post XXXX sternotomy. Surgical clips are present in the left axilla. Lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. There is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.
2176.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
2260.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality.
3023.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Small calcified left upper lung granuloma is noted. The lungs are clear.
3408.xml, The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. There is no focal airspace opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Multiple healed bilateral rib fractures. No acute bony abnormality is identified.
2942.xml, Postsurgical changes of XXXX sternotomy with screw fixation of anterior XXXX plates. Heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. No focal consolidation, suspicious bony opacity, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. No acute osseous abnormality.
1047.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
2520.xml, The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. A few bandlike opacities are present which are XXXX to represent small areas of scarring or atelectasis. There is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. Calcified granuloma is present in the left lung.
401.xml, Mediastinal contours are normal. Blunting of the left costophrenic XXXX. Increased interstitial opacities.. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
964.xml, In the interval, the heart size has become normal. Pulmonary XXXX are normal. Lungs are clear and expanded.
3685.xml, Calcified thoracic aorta. Mild rightward deviation of the trachea, unchanged from comparison XXXX, XXXX secondary to a goiter. Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or effusions. Advanced degenerative change of the thoracic spine.
3033.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
2329.xml, Heart and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. The pulmonary vasculature is normal in appearance. The lung parenchyma is clear, without focal airspace opacity. There are no pleural effusions, and there is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures are grossly unremarkable.
3846.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. The right lung is clear. There is a recurrence moderate-sized left pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Limited right base stringy density compatible with atelectasis. Dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine.
3496.xml, The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
1020.xml, Lung volumes are low. No focal infiltrates. Heart size normal.
2711.xml, Right chest central venous line is noted with tip in the mid SVC. There is no pneumothorax. Heart size is normal. No large pleural effusions. No acute focal airspace opacification.
2064.xml, An AICD is seen within the left chest wall with stable intact XXXX placement. Multiple surgical clips are seen within the upper midabdomen. The heart size is normal. Calcifications are seen within the aortic XXXX. Otherwise the mediastinum appears unremarkable. The lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
2407.xml, Some hyperinflation appears to be present. There are small calcified granulomas. The lungs are otherwise clear. The heart is normal. The mediastinum is normal. The skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal.
2530.xml, Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The ascending aorta is prominent and descending thoracic aorta is is tortuous. Aorta appears unchanged as compared to the study. Lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No discrete nodules are identified. There is an oblong density projecting over the anterior left 7th rib. Appearance suggests an old rib fracture.
1905.xml, Enlarged cardiac contour, stable. Calcified vasculature. Sequelae of prior granulomatous disease. No confluent consolidation, pleural effusion, or overt pulmonary edema. Mild thoracic spondylosis.
3531.xml, Normal heart size. Mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta. No focal airspace opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
3986.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
3292.xml, Mediastinal contours are normal. Opacity within the right middle and lower lobes. No displacement of the XXXX or XXXX fissure. No pneumothorax..
1471.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. The lungs are hyperexpanded with flattening of the bilateral hemidiaphragms. Mild increased lung markings XXXX due to chronic changes. No focal pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Calcified left perihilar granuloma redemonstrated.
3063.xml, Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.
2031.xml, Heart size within normal limits. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No pulmonary nodules identified.
753.xml, The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
2124.xml, There are no focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary opacities. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
3488.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Degenerative changes of the spine..
1593.xml, Moderate sized right loculated pleural effusion with right lower lobe atelectasis. Normal cardiac contour with atherosclerotic changes throughout the aorta. Clear left lung XXXX.
143.xml, The lungs are clear. No pleural effusion is seen. The heart is normal. Calcified right hilar and infracarinal lymph XXXX are seen. The skeletal structures are normal.
3590.xml, Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.
917.xml, There are stable XXXX sternotomy XXXX. The heart and mediastinal contours are unchanged. The lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.
371.xml, The lungs are clear. There is hyperinflation. Calcification is seen over the anterior mediastinum XXXX a calcified lymph node at is not identified on the PA projection. The heart is normal. Arthritic changes the spine are seen.
2155.xml, Low lung volumes noted. The heart size is within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. No focal consolidations, effusions, or pneumothoraces.
479.xml, The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
1663.xml, Cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The visualized osseous structures appear intact.
93.xml, Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Negative for pneumoperitoneum. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
1706.xml, Cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There are low lung volumes. There is no focal opacities. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion.
1043.xml, Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. Interval improvement in lung volumes bilaterally. Improved aeration of the right and left lung bases. Bilateral small pleural effusions and left base atelectatic change, with interval improvement. Visualized XXXX of the chest XXXX are within normal limits.
3677.xml, Heart size is within normal limits. Aorta is tortuous. Remainder of the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Lungs are clear bilaterally without pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No bony abnormalities.
626.xml, The heart size is on the upper limits of normal. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.
3214.xml, There is an marked interval increase in heart size. The heart also demonstrates the XXXX XXXX configuration, compatible with pericardial effusion. A small right pleural effusion the present. The lungs are otherwise clear without focal infiltrates. Normal pulmonary vascularity. No pneumothorax.
1404.xml, No focal lung consolidation. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormalities. There are stable anterior wedge XXXX deformities of 2 midthoracic vertebral bodies.
3597.xml, Left XXXX XXXX noted with tip approximating the high SVC, stable. No pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. Heart size is normal limits. Degenerative changes thoracic spine.
284.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute displaced rib fracture. No discrete XXXX projectile visualized. Contrast within the bilateral renal collecting systems. Contrast also probably within the left colon.
2713.xml, The heart is normal in size and contour. The aorta is calcified and tortuous. The lung volumes are low. There is elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. Minimal streaky opacities in the lung bases, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
280.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
1954.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.
806.xml, The cardiac silhouette is borderline enlarged. Pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. Nipple shadows and dense breast tissue overlie the lung bases. The lungs are grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
3858.xml, 3 images. Heart size is normal. There is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. There are costochondral calcifications. The lungs are clear of focal infiltrate. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Old left clavicle fracture noted.
45.xml, Stable cardiomegaly with vascular prominence without overt edema. No focal airspace disease. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.
2208.xml, Persistent cardiomegaly. No abnormal airspace consolidation. Resolved interstitial edema. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
3201.xml, Lung volumes are low. No focal infiltrates. Heart size normal. Mediastinum normal.
1634.xml, Calcified granulomas. Calcified hilar XXXX. No focal areas of consolidation. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Question large pulmonary arteries. Lung XXXX are hyperexpanded. Prominent substernal air space. Aortic calcifications. Degenerative changes thoracic spine.
2121.xml, The heart size is within normal limits. There is ectasia/tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. Calcified hilar lymph XXXX. Irregular calcific density projecting over the left lower lobe, stable since XXXX and may represent mitral annular calcifications. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No acute bony abnormalities.
1698.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. XXXX are grossly unremarkable.
336.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. The thoracic spine appears intact.
1957.xml, Bilateral pleural effusions, left small, right moderate in size, abnormal opacities in the adjacent lung bases. Limited assessment of heart size due to obscured margins, stable mediastinal contours.
1627.xml, The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. .
1434.xml, Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
198.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
1180.xml, Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. There is mild tortuosity to the descending thoracic aorta. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No discrete nodules or adenopathy are noted. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.
2612.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
3209.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute osseus abnormality.
2361.xml, Stable mild rightward curvature of the thoracic spine. Heart size is normal. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute osseous findings.
1393.xml, Right central venous line has been removed. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. A few bandlike opacities are present at the lateral left base. The appearance XXXX scarring or atelectasis. No focal airspace disease is seen. No discrete nodules are identified. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.
1134.xml, There is a left chest XXXX with tip in the mid SVC. The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. The lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The XXXX are intact.
3170.xml, Heart size is normal. Aorta is tortuous and ectatic. Cardiomediastinal contours are normal. Lungs are clear without evidence of fibrosis. Pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Endplate sclerotic changes are present in the thoracic spine.
1937.xml, Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
854.xml, The lungs appear clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX appear normal. The pleural spaces are clear. These XXXX't contours appear normal. There is a XXXX fracture of the midthoracic vertebral body. This vertebral body does not appear sclerotic. The age of this fracture is unknown. There are healed fractures of several left anterior ribs. There is a healed left clavicle fracture.
440.xml, Heart size is within normal limits. Emphysematous changes. Focal pleural thickening in the left apex is XXXX scarring. Atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic XXXX. There is no focal infiltrate. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
1108.xml, The lungs are clear and hyperinflated. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax.
3321.xml, XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. Aortic XXXX appear unremarkable. Lungs demonstrate no acute findings. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.
776.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in size and appearance. Pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. There are prominent coarse interstitial markings throughout the lungs, with more focal streaky bibasilar opacities, seen only on the frontal XXXX, XXXX atelectasis. Negative for focal airspace disease or consolidation. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Limited evaluation reveals the XXXX XXXX are grossly intact.
2173.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are grossly unremarkable. Unchanged degenerative changes to the thoracic spine.
764.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute abnormality.
2102.xml, Tortuosity of the aorta. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is normal . XXXX XXXX intact. Unchanged eventration of the left hemidiaphragm versus small hernia (Bochdalek).
142.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are stable and within normal limits. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute osseous findings.
826.xml, The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
2552.xml, Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable
1097.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Diffuse bilateral calcified sequelae of prior granulomatous infection. No pulmonary vascular congestion. No XXXX edema. No focal consolidation. There is no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is mild anterior wedging of a lower thoracic vertebral body, approximately T11 level.
589.xml, Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
1258.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
3478.xml, Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. scoliosis.
272.xml, The lungs are clear. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits.
1933.xml, Aorta is ectatic. Heart size is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Age-indeterminate anterior wedging deformity of lower thoracic vertebra.
2993.xml, The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable.
2510.xml, Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
3187.xml, PA and lateral views. stable postoperative changes with midline sternotomy XXXX and myocardial revascularization. Cardiac size remains mildly enlarged but stable. There is mild vascular congestion. Small bilateral pleural effusions are present, which are XXXX.
1169.xml, Lung volumes are low. There is vague opacity in the right upper lung near the anterior right first rib on PA view. This may be artifact relating to calcification at the first rib costicartilage junction. There is minimal atelectasis in the right lung base. There is left-sided PICC line, the distal tip in the lower superior vena XXXX. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. These contours are normal.
2807.xml, Frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary XXXX and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. No pleural effusion.
1300.xml, The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. The patient is obese.
2639.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size and appearance. The pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. Lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There is mild midthoracic dextroscoliosis, with the XXXX XXXX otherwise grossly intact.
3169.xml, Hyperlucent hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragms. Granulomas. Small sized heart. Minimal apical capping slightly greater at the left. XXXX unremarkable.
2775.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
925.xml, Increased interstitial lung changes with superimposed pulmonary edema. Cardiomegaly. Negative for effusion or pneumothorax. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
63.xml, Stable flattening of the posterior diaphragm and scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings with no focal alveolar consolidation. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size and aortic ectasia/tortuosity, stable mediastinal contours. No definite pleural effusion seen, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. Following spine ossifications and marginal osteophytes again noted.
1322.xml, The lungs are clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. Pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal.
539.xml, 2 images. Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No convincing acute bony findings.
1144.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
178.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouette stable with atherosclerosis of the thoracic aorta. Diffusely coarsened interstitial markings are noted consistent with chronic lung disease, with worsened patchy opacities and a left apex and right base. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.
1313.xml, The heart size is within normal limits. There are calcified hilar lymph XXXX bilaterally. There are bibasilar airspace opacities with small bilateral pleural effusions, left greater than right. No pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.
3103.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouette stable and unremarkable. Stable eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. There is redemonstration without significant interval change of mild subsegmental atelectasis of the left base. Pneumonia seen on CT examination dated XXXX, XXXX (not seen on prior chest x-XXXX) is not seen either on XXXX chest x-XXXX.
3449.xml, The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. External monitor leads XXXX the thorax. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. The visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
1973.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size, with redemonstration of tortuous and atherosclerotic calcified thoracic aorta. No focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax identified. Eventration of the right hemidiaphragm is stable compared to prior examination. Multilevel degenerative disc disease and thoracolumbar spine again noted without acute osseous abnormality.
637.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
3356.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. Calcified granuloma noted in the right midlung. The heart size is within normal limits. No acute bony abnormality is identified.
828.xml, The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. There are low lung volumes, causing bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. There is a XXXX opacity in the left lingula. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
2406.xml, Both lungs remain clear and expanded. Heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. No change in the large hiatus hernia.
2650.xml, There is redemonstration of an AICD in the left chest wall with intact stable XXXX placement. There are multiple intact XXXX sternotomy XXXX. There is persistent enlargement of cardiac silhouette. Mediastinal silhouette appears unremarkable. There is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. No visible pneumothorax, focal airspace opacity, or pleural effusion is seen. No visible free air under the diaphragm. Redemonstration of degenerative change in the thoracic spine.
2545.xml, The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Lung XXXX are clear without evidence of effusion, infiltrate, or pneumothorax. Visualized bony structures are intact. Visualized soft tissues appear normal.
2748.xml, The lungs are clear. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is identified. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits.
32.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Mild blunting of right costophrenic XXXX. The lungs are otherwise grossly clear.
1533.xml, The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pleural effusion is identified.
309.xml, Normal and stable cardiomediastinal contours. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. No focal lung consolidation.
1473.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute bone abnormality.
3522.xml, Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. Bony structures are intact.
1878.xml, XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. XXXX calcified granuloma seen. The heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. Aortic XXXX appear unremarkable. Lungs demonstrate no acute findings. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.
2892.xml, The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There are calcified granulomas within the left lower lobe. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.
1921.xml, Redemonstration of moderately-inflated lungs, consistent with COPD and unchanged. Atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic XXXX seen. No airspace disease, effusion or noncalcified nodule. Normal heart size and mediastinum. Visualized XXXX of the chest XXXX are within normal limits.
2721.xml, Heart size at the upper limits of normal. There are scattered calcified granulomas. No focal airspace consolidation, large effusion, or appreciable pneumothorax. Tortuous, unfolded to descending aorta. Calcified aortic XXXX. XXXX curvature of the thoracic spine. Exaggerated kyphosis. XXXX are diffusely osteopenic. Multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine with minimal anterior XXXX loss of several vertebral bodies.
3849.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Degenerative disease is seen in the thoracic spine and left XXXX XXXX.
1570.xml, Evaluation for pneumothorax is limited due to exclusion of the superior-most pulmonary apices. No visible pleural XXXX. No focal air space opacities or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No free subdiaphragmatic air. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Included osseous structures are grossly intact.
2166.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
245.xml, XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. Aortic XXXX appear unremarkable. Lungs demonstrate left upper lobe airspace disease most XXXX pneumonia. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.
1908.xml, Cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Nodular opacity overlying the upper lungs bilaterally may represent overlying telemetry XXXX XXXX, correlate clinically. Otherwise, lungs are clear. No large pleural effusion no pneumothorax.
14.xml, Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. Mild hyperinflation appears similar to prior. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings, no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
2608.xml, Consolidation and costophrenic XXXX blunting persists in both lower lobes. Heart and pulmonary XXXX remain normal. No XXXX infiltrates.
2792.xml, The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.
90.xml, The lungs are clear. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. There are degenerative changes of the spine.
1133.xml, Lungs are hyperexpanded. No infiltrates or masses. The eventration of the left hemidiaphragm identified previously is largely unchanged since the previous computed tomogram. Pulmonary XXXX are normal.
1927.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are otherwise clear. Bony structures are intact.
1355.xml, Low lung volumes with streaky bibasilar opacities, right greater than left. Bronchovascular crowding, indistinct central vascular margination. No findings to suggest pleural effusion. Accounting for technical factors heart size XXXX within normal limits.
990.xml, Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidations. No pneumothorax or effusions.
3032.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. Sternotomy sutures and coronary bypass clips remain intact.
662.xml, Heart XXXX, mediastinum, XXXX, bony structures and lung XXXX are unremarkable.
3682.xml, The lungs are hypoventilated. There is no focal airspace opacity. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
376.xml, The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No non-calcified nodules are identified.
2924.xml, The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There is a small calcified granuloma within the left upper lobe. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
1771.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
2079.xml, The lungs are clear, and without focal airspace opacity. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. There are calcified granulomas at the right perihilar regions appear stable. There are significant degenerative osteophytes of the thoracic spine also appear stable.
2909.xml, Patchy airspace disease in the left lingula. No significant effusion. Clear right lung. Normal heart size. Granulomatous mediastinal calcifications. Right chest XXXX tip at SVC.
1491.xml, There are low lung volumes. The lungs are otherwise clear. No focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. Calcific density in the right lung apex, compatible with calcified granuloma.
161.xml, Low lung volumes are present. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Scattered XXXX of left base atelectasis are noted. Left XXXX-a-XXXX is in XXXX with the tip projecting over the caval atrial junction.
3204.xml, The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion. The heart is normal. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Senescent changes of the spine are seen.
1207.xml, The lungs are clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. The pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal. There is no pneumothorax.
39.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
227.xml, Heart is enlarged. There is prominence of the central pulmonary vasculature. Mild diffuse interstitial opacities bilaterally, predominantly in the bases, with no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. XXXX and soft tissues are unremarkable.
2746.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Right chest XXXX is visualized with tip at cavoatrial junction. There is no pneumothorax. The lungs are clear.
1314.xml, There are no focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary opacities. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. Osseous structures intact.
3908.xml, The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. Multilevel thoracic spondylosis is again demonstrated..
157.xml, In the interval, bibasilar interstitial infiltrates and pulmonary venous engorgement have resolved. Heart size is now normal. No XXXX infiltrates.
663.xml, Lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute bony or soft tissue abnormality.
297.xml, Cardiac silhouette is within normal limits in size. The lungs are hypoinflated with mild bronchovascular crowding. There is mild, XXXX opacity projected over the left lung base. This is partly due to overlying soft tissues, however, there is partial obscuration of the lateral left hemidiaphragm. The lungs are otherwise grossly clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings. There are degenerative endplate changes throughout the thoracic spine.
3814.xml, No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Heart size within normal limits, no mediastinal widening characteristic in appearance of vascular injury. No acute osseous injury XXXX demonstrated.
3788.xml, Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
1074.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. Lung volumes remain low. There is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic XXXX blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. Bony structures are within normal limits.
3129.xml, Heart size within normal limits. Tortuous aorta. There is an accessory azygos fissure in the right upper lung. No focal air space consolidations are noted. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There is severe degenerative change at the thoracolumbar junction with mild anterior wedging at approximately T12.
496.xml, Chest. Lungs are clear and expanded. Heart normal. Left knee. No change marked narrowing, large osteophyte formation, multiple synovial osteochondromas.
836.xml, The XXXX examination consists of frontal supine and lateral radiographs of the chest. Frontal view is lordotic in projection. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits for supine film. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. There is a calcified granuloma at the left lung base. The visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
674.xml, There are low lung volumes. There is bronchovascular crowding. Heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. No focal infiltrate or effusion. No pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures intact.
1225.xml, Heart size is normal. There is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. No consolidating airspace disease is seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
613.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
3411.xml, There are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. There is patchy left lower lobe airspace disease. There are XXXX opacities in the right mid lung, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis. No significant pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Heart size is within normal limits. There is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification.
2860.xml, No acute osseous abnormality. Scattered degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Surgical clips overlying the right upper quadrant. Anterior cervical fusion XXXX. Tortuous and ectatic aorta. No focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.
3521.xml, The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is right greater than left biapical bullous emphysema. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. There are XXXX degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
1218.xml, Lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute bony or soft tissue abnormality.
2514.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. there are residuals of prior granulomatous infection. Lungs otherwise clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
3743.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
1390.xml, The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. VP shunt tubing is identified. The bony structures, as visualized, appear unremarkable.
641.xml, Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax. Mild dextrocurvature of the spine again noted.
3960.xml, Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Spondylosis of the midthoracic spine with large anterior osteophyte formations.
1235.xml, Lung volumes are XXXX. XXXX opacities are present in the angulate. No focal infiltrates. Heart size normal.
138.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.
1240.xml, Feeding tube passes below the left hemidiaphragm. Left subclavian central line tip is at the upper SVC. Shunt tubing courses along the anterior left hemithorax. There is grossly stable left lower lobe consolidation. Stable mild residual medial right basilar airspace disease. There is no pneumothorax. Heart size is within normal limits. There is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. There are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
814.xml, There is a calcified granuloma in the lateral left base. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are calcified left hilar lymph XXXX. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted as well as scoliosis and lumbar region.
789.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. A calcified granuloma is redemonstrated in the right middle lobe. The thoracic spine appears intact.
2615.xml, Moderate cardiomegaly. Mild bilateral costophrenic XXXX blunting and fissural thickening, interstitial opacities greatest in the central lungs and bases with indistinct vascular margination. Dense right lower lobe nodule and right hilar calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process.
3884.xml, Diffuse, right greater than left, interstitial opacities. Central vascular congestion. No pneumothorax or focal consolidation. No pleural effusion. Heart size normal.
1400.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.
3941.xml, Cardiomegaly. No focal consolidation. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Osseous structures intact. Levocurvature of the thoracic spine. Lumbar vertebral body stabilization XXXX.
3662.xml, Stable normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. Bilateral calcified hilar/perihilar lymph XXXX. Left lateral lung calcified granuloma. Lungs are grossly clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Stable degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No acute osseous abnormality.
1086.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There is corticated irregularity of the right posterior 5th rib, XXXX secondary to old rib fracture. There are no gross acute bony findings.
798.xml, The heart is not enlarged. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion.
2448.xml, Mediastinal contours are normal. No significant change in pneumothorax or right pleural fluid..
2567.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.
2856.xml, Normal heart size. No focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or pulmonary edema. No focal bony abnormality.
130.xml, The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. There is a left chest XXXX with tip projecting over the lower SVC. There is XXXX deformity within the midthoracic spine.
3240.xml, The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms and tapering of the distal pulmonary vasculature. There is no focal consolidation. Thoracic spondylosis.
2992.xml, The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. Calcified granuloma within the right lung base.
1540.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute osseous findings.
292.xml, The heart is normal in size and contour. There is a vague area of airspace disease identified within the right midlung on the PA view. This is not well-demonstrated on the lateral view. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.
1675.xml, Lung volumes remain low. No infiltrates. Heart and pulmonary XXXX remain normal.
591.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. The lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. There is a calcified granuloma within the left lung base. There is suggestion of a deep sulcus sign on the right. No definite pleural line of pneumothorax visualized. There is age-indeterminate wedging of several midthoracic vertebral bodies.
1643.xml, 3 images. Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No convincing acute bony findings.
2946.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. Lungs are clear of focal airspace disease. There is no pneumothorax. There is mild blunting of the right costophrenic XXXX, without definite pleural effusion.
3135.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
704.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality.
655.xml, Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. The lungs are hyperinflated but clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormalities.
898.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
2791.xml, The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
2074.xml, Low lung volumes. Stable ectasia of the thoracic aorta. Stable right upper mediastinal Bilateral small pleural effusions and bibasilar airspace opacities. The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. No pneumothorax. Stable wedging of the anterior thoracic vertebral bodies.
3012.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The osseous structures are intact.
754.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
325.xml, Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
3971.xml, The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. There is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The bony structures are normal.
1810.xml, The heart is normal size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. The XXXX are unremarkable.
1846.xml, 2 images. Calcified granuloma left upper lobe. Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No convincing acute bony findings.
3492.xml, The lungs remain hyperexpanded. No masses or infiltrates in the lungs. No pleural or mediastinal air collections. Heart size normal.
1930.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are mildly hypoinflated but grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are mild degenerative endplate changes in the thoracic spine. There are no acute bony findings.
2108.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
487.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Bony thorax is unremarkable.
3829.xml, Stable moderate cardiomegaly. Mediastinal contours are unchanged. Stable prominence of the central pulmonary vasculature with coarse central interstitial markings. Decreased left basilar airspace disease. No visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
2140.xml, The lungs are clear. There are calcified left hilar lymph XXXX. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are notable for an old apparent fracture at T12-L1 or congenital fusion unchanged from the prior study.
3648.xml, The heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal in size and contour. There is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The osseous structures are intact.
1338.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
811.xml, The heart is normal size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. There is stable irregularity of the posterior left 6th rib which XXXX represents an old fracture..
2151.xml, Hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Heart size within normal limits, the typical findings of pulmonary edema. Mild spine dextrocurvature noted.
3002.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Bony thorax is unremarkable.
1057.xml, The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No discrete nodules or adenopathy identified.
3118.xml, No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Heart size normal. Cardiomediastinal silhouette stable. Nodular densities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease. Bony structures appear intact.
1525.xml, 4 images. There is a large hydropneumothorax within the left chest. There is essentially complete collapse of the left lung. Within the right lung, there are increased interstitial opacities within the medial right lung base and right upper lobe, with patchy airspace opacity within the right lung apex. At the right lung apex, there is a more focal ovoid lucency which measures approximately 1.3 cm. This could indicate cavitation. Left-sided cardiomediastinal contours are obscured by collapse of the left lung. No convincing acute bony findings.
664.xml, Heart and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. The pulmonary vasculature is normal in appearance. The lung parenchyma is clear, without focal infiltrate. There are no pleural effusions, and there is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures are grossly unremarkable. No displaced rib fractures. Right nipple ring noted.
1217.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are hypoinflated with blunted costophrenic XXXX. No focal consolidation is seen.
3239.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.
745.xml, The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
780.xml, Heart size is upper limits of normal. Mediastinal contours and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. There is no focal infiltrate or suspicious pulmonary opacity. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There is a lucency along the peripheral right lung base, XXXX secondary to a skin fold. No acute bony findings.
529.xml, Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Chronic appearing right mid clavicle injury. Visualized bony structures otherwise unremarkable.
2305.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. Slight thoracolumbar curvature is noted.
1638.xml, Study is somewhat limited by body habitus. Cardiomegaly is noted, with central pulmonary vascular prominence and coarsened interstitial markings, suspicious for developing interstitial pulmonary edema. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or definite effusion identified. No acute bony abnormality seen.
3467.xml, The lungs are clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. Pleural spaces are clear. The mediastinal contours are normal. There is calcification of the thoracic aorta.
274.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. The thoracic aorta is tortuous and calcified. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Degenerative endplate changes of the thoracic spine with an age-indeterminate, mild wedge XXXX deformity of a midthoracic vertebral body.
2302.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute osseus abnormality..
271.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute displaced rib fracture.
3353.xml, Stable marked cardiomegaly. Cardiac XXXX generator projects over the left mid hemithorax with a XXXX terminating in the right ventricle. No focal airspace disease. Mild central pulmonary vascular congestion. The heart has the same configuration as seen previously with a pericardial effusion on an abdominal CT in XXXX.
688.xml, KUB. Centered over the mid abdomen there are multiple air-filled dilated loops of small bowel measuring the XXXX of which measure up to about 3.7 cm in diameter. There is also an extremely dilated XXXX in the same region which measures 5.9 cm in diameter. There is extensive soft tissue pannus. Prior abdominal surgery. Chest. There is XXXX left basilar opacity. No visualized pneumothorax. The heart size is normal. There is mild elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. There are no large pleural effusions. There is thickening of the fissure.
3558.xml, Please
1714.xml, The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.
1427.xml, The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. There is a cardiac XXXX with leads terminating in the right atrium and right ventricle. There are atherosclerotic calcifications.
3319.xml, Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. Multilevel degenerative changes are noted within the thoracic spine.
470.xml, The cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are well-inflated and clear. There is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. The bony structures of the thorax are unremarkable.
1034.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Right middle lobe calcified granuloma is unchanged. Heart and mediastinum unchanged. No change hiatus hernia.
1590.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
1637.xml, No acute osseous abnormality. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. There is stable enlargement of the heart. No focus of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.
1360.xml, There are XXXX opacities within both lung bases, XXXX representing atelectasis. Heart size is upper limits of normal. No pneumothorax. No pneumothorax.
2683.xml, Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
2116.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax demonstrate healed, remote bilateral rib fractures without acute abnormality.
3069.xml, Right upper lobe airspace disease consistent with pneumonia given patient's history. The lungs are otherwise clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
2829.xml, The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.
3878.xml, Postop changes of CABG with mild cardiomegaly. There is an infiltrate in the right lower lobe. Thoracic spondylosis.
3086.xml, No airspace disease, effusion or noncalcified nodule. Calcified granuloma seen bilaterally. Normal heart size. Elevated right hemidiaphragm, with a nodular soft tissue contour, containing liver. Degenerative changes demonstrated within the visualized thoracic spine. There is neurostimulator, overlying the mid and lower thoracic spine.
428.xml, The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no evidence of tuberculous disease. There is no pneumothorax. Visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
3099.xml, Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable. Calcified left hilar XXXX.
1146.xml, Heart size is normal. The lungs are clear. There are no focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. Calcified lingular pulmonary granuloma. Normal pulmonary vascularity.
2645.xml, Surgical clips within the right upper quadrant. Lungs are clear bilaterally. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX are unremarkable.
3945.xml, There is increased size of left pneumothorax, with XXXX partial collapse of the left upper and lower lobes. This pneumothorax measures up to 3.5 cm in maximum width at the apex. There is no significant mediastinal shift. The right lung remains clear. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. There is a small left pleural effusion/hemothorax. No focal air space opacities. No free subdiaphragmatic air.
2655.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size in appearance and stable from XXXX. The lungs are clear. Soft tissues and bony structures are unremarkable. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
1653.xml, Pacemaker generator overlying the left chest in stable position with 2 leads terminating in the right atrium and right ventricle in stable position. Stable XXXX sternotomy XXXX. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Minimal fluid within the right horizontal fissure.
2898.xml, Heart size within normal limits. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.
3808.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. Atherosclerotic calcification of the aorta. Stable scattered calcified granulomas are noted. No focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. No acute osseous abnormality.
700.xml, The heart is normal in size and contour. There is a calcified granuloma in the right lower lung. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. Osteopenia with mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine is noted.
1381.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
1844.xml, Normal cardiomediastinal contours. Hyperexpansion of the lungs with flattening of the diaphragm. No focal lung consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusions.
2734.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
1033.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. Lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis.. Degenerative changes of the spine.
1865.xml, Heart size is normal. The lungs are clear. There are no focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Calcified right upper lobe pulmonary granuloma and calcified right hilar lymph XXXX. The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. Normal pulmonary vascularity.
3533.xml, Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. There is bilateral hyperinflation, without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.
247.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Lungs are clear without focal areas of consolidation. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute bone abnormality.
3509.xml, The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Right pleural effusion is present and appears increased. No pneumothorax is identified. Some scattered XXXX of right base atelectasis are seen. Surgical XXXX remain in XXXX. The left lung appears clear.
3280.xml, Right middle lobe opacity is present. The cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion.
2790.xml, Normal and stable cardiomediastinal contours. No pneumothorax, pleural effusions or significant pulmonary edema. No focal lung consolidation. Stable mild interstitial prominence and bilateral lung bases.
237.xml, The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. The lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There are numerous calcified granuloma in the right perihilar region. There are multilevel degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
2370.xml, In the interval, consolidation and atelectasis have developed in the right lower lobe. Costophrenic XXXX blunted on the right. Left lung clear. Heart size normal.
1710.xml, Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
3516.xml, Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Minimal blunting of the costophrenic XXXX. No focal airspace consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
2736.xml, Status post posterior spinal fusion. Status post XXXX sternotomy. Stable position of the cardiac XXXX and leads. The cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are normal. The lungs are clear.
3349.xml, The lungs are hyperexpanded consistent with emphysema. Pectus carinatum is noted. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. Calcified granuloma are noted. Vascular calcification is noted.
182.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Patchy airspace opacities in the left lower lobe, compatible with infiltrate. No large pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality.
1093.xml, The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
3620.xml, The cardiac silhouette is near upper limits of normal in size. Pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. There is minimal XXXX atelectasis or scar in the left lung base. The lungs are otherwise grossly clear. There is a small calcified granuloma in the left upper lobe. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute, displaced rib fractures are demonstrated.
2903.xml, Cardiac silhouette is within normal limits in size for AP technique. Lungs are mildly hypoinflated but grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. There are no acute bony findings.
340.xml, Heart size moderately enlarged, stable mediastinal contours. Lateral view curvilinear densities over the heart suggestive of coronary artery stents. Diaphragm eventration. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.
1980.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
1517.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
1891.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
2698.xml, The lungs appear clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. The pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal.
1374.xml, Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Clear lungs. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Unremarkable XXXX.
575.xml, The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. The lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The XXXX are intact. Stable calcified granuloma in the left lung.
3561.xml, The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
813.xml, The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. There are diminished lung volumes with central bronchovascular crowding. Minimal atelectasis versus scarring seen in the left lung base. Right lung is clear. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. There are XXXX degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
3460.xml, The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.
1874.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. There is a thin right apical pneumothorax measuring approximately 5 mm in thickness. There is extensive subcutaneous emphysema in the right chest wall and neck. There are fractures of the right anterior 5th through 9th anterior ribs with mild displacement. Additional fractures cannot entirely be excluded. There is mild streaky airspace disease in the right lung base. Left lung is clear. There is a small hiatal hernia. There is an intrathecal catheter terminating in the lower thoracic spine.
1039.xml, No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Normal cardiac contour. Clear lungs bilaterally.
1970.xml, Apparent cardiomegaly XXXX at XXXX partially accentuated by low lung volumes. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Right base calcified granuloma. Stable right infrahilar nodular density (lateral view). Negative for acute bone abnormality.
1993.xml, Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Hyperexpanded lungs. Normal heart size. Bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable.
1705.xml, Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Pulmonary vascular is unremarkable lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. Negative for pneumothorax, pneumomediastinum, or pleural effusion. Limited evaluation reveals the XXXX XXXX to be grossly intact. Prominent rib cartilage of the anterior lower ribs seen on lateral view.
1331.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are hypoinflated. with XXXX opacities in the lung bases, XXXX bronchovascular crowding. No focal consolidation or pleural effusion are seen.
1061.xml, The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is slight wedge XXXX deformity of the mid to lower thoracic vertebral body unchanged from the comparison study.
3705.xml, The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There has been a XXXX XXXX sternotomy. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
58.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. Mild scoliosis and degenerative changes of the thoracic spine noted.
3588.xml, XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. Aortic XXXX appear unremarkable. Lungs demonstrate no acute findings. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.
1318.xml, The lungs are clear. No pleural effusion is seen. The heart and mediastinum are normal. Arthritic changes of the spine are present.
421.xml, Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable. Negative for pneumoperitoneum.
2628.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. Lungs are mildly hypoinflated with minimal streaky atelectasis or scar in the lung bases. Lungs are otherwise grossly clear of focal airspace disease. There is a stable calcified granuloma in the posterior left midlung. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
3544.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality. XXXX XXXX opacities XXXX reflecting atelectasis versus bronchovascular crowding.
1151.xml, Frontal and lateral views of the chest demonstrate the cardiomediastinal silhouette normal. There is normal distribution of the pulmonary vascularity. The lungs are clear. No effusion, consolidation, or pneumothorax.
3804.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouette stable and within normal limits for size with unchanged atherosclerosis and tortuosity thoracic aorta. There is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. No acute bony abnormality. Stable left proximal humeral enchondroma versus remote bony infarct. Stable multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine. Calcified granuloma seen anteriorly on lateral view is stable since XXXX.
1264.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
2724.xml, Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is normal. There is some tortuosity of the aorta. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine
125.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. XXXX sternotomy changes are again noted. The lungs are clear of focal infiltrates. There is no pleural effusion.
2656.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. There are residuals of prior granulomatous infection. Lungs otherwise clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
3291.xml, The lungs are clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. The pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal.
586.xml, The heart size is moderately enlarged. The pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Again noted is XXXX and left midlung airspace opacity XXXX atelectasis. There is left basilar opacity XXXX atelectasis as well. There is improved right midlung opacity. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine. XXXX sternotomy XXXX are intact. Extensive atherosclerotic disease.
3294.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. The thoracic aorta is tortuous. A calcified granuloma is identified in the right middle lobe. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. The thoracic spine appears intact. No acute displaced rib fractures.
1573.xml, Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
3300.xml, Lungs are clear bilaterally.There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Stable aortic tortuosity. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is otherwise unremarkable. Scoliosis and degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Stent visualized in the right upper quadrant, XXXX biliary stent.
860.xml, Chronic increased interstitial markings without evidence of focal infiltrate. Bilateral apical pleural thickening. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Stable heart size. Marked degenerative change of the XXXX, status post remote right humerus fracture. XXXX deformity of a midthoracic vertebral body, also XXXX chronic.
34.xml, The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.
809.xml, The lungs are clear, and without focal air space opacity. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is at the upper limits of normal in size but stable from prior exam. There is tortuosity of the thoracic aorta, stable. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
2826.xml, Prominent interstitial markings in the lungs are unchanged. No focal infiltrates. Heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal.
3359.xml, Heart size normal. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or effusions.
387.xml, Heart size is normal. There is left hilar enlargement with partial opacification of the left upper lobe suggestive of hilar mass with obstructive atelectasis. Questionable small right midlung nodule. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Bony thorax is unremarkable.
2127.xml, Changes post bilateral thoracotomy and XXXX sternotomy. Intact XXXX XXXX. Stable position of the epicardial XXXX XXXX. Mild cardiomegaly. The lungs are clear. Bilateral small pleural effusions.
3996.xml, The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. There are endplate changes in the spine.
2769.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal in size and contour. Again demonstrated are biapical bullous emphysematous changes. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Mild multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
3683.xml, Examination was performed with nipple markers. The previously noted small nodule in the right lower lung is not well-seen on today's study and may have been secondary to summation of structures. The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are otherwise clear.
1328.xml, The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is a left lung calcified granuloma noted. There has been resolution of the left-sided airspace disease.
2822.xml, No focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Stable left subclavian chest XXXX catheter tip in mid SVC. Lungs are well expanded. Calcified granuloma posteriorly in the medial right lower lobe. Postsurgical changes of anterior lower cervical spine fusion. Thoracic spine demonstrates mild degenerative changes with some mild XXXX loss of T4 and T7 vertebral bodies.
706.xml, Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size and aortic ectasia/tortuosity. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Mild bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema. Distal clavicle shortening also present on the previous exam, possibly posttraumatic or postsurgical.
1774.xml, The lungs appear clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. Pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal. Bony overlap in the lung apices could obscure a small pulmonary nodule.
3748.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. There is minimal XXXX atelectasis or scar in the left lung base. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
888.xml, Heart size is within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidations. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
2310.xml, No focal consolidation. No visualized pneumothorax. The heart size is normal. There are no large pleural effusions.
1950.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. XXXX are grossly unremarkable.
3417.xml, The lungs are hyperexpanded, consistent with COPD. Mild cardiomegaly. No focal lung consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Aortic calcifications consistent with atherosclerotic disease.
544.xml, Heart and mediastinum are normal. No focal consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Bony structures are intact.
2384.xml, The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. A large hiatal hernia is noted. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.
1511.xml, Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
36.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
1208.xml, The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. There is no focal air space opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The osseous structures are intact with mild degenerative changes in thoracic spine.
2032.xml, The lungs are clear. No focal air space consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette.
2923.xml, Clear lungs. Heart and pulmonary XXXX appear normal. Pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal.
3097.xml, The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Vascular calcification is identified. Calcified granuloma is present in the right lower lobe. No XXXX nodules are seen. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. No focal airspace disease is identified.
2951.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. No pleural air collections. Heart and mediastinum normal. A vague lucency is present in left rib 7 anteriorly.
419.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.
3080.xml, The cavity and the left upper lobe has decreased in size. Bilateral apical bullae and parenchymal scars are unchanged. No XXXX infiltrates in the lower lobes. Heart size remains normal.
2832.xml, There is stable cardiomegaly. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Atherosclerotic calcifications are present within the thoracic aorta. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. Chronic degenerative changes are present in the thoracic spine.
3988.xml, No acute osseous abnormalities. Left midlung, and basilar streaky opacity. There is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. No pneumothorax. Small calcified 8 cm granuloma adjacent to the right diaphragm within the right chest. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits.
3001.xml, Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary XXXX and vasculature, central airways and aeration of the lungs. The inferior posterior sulcus is excluded.
3267.xml, The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours, lungs, pleura, osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are normal.
2584.xml, 2 images. Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No convincing acute bony findings.
1148.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.
260.xml, Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality. There is a stable the electronic device any left anterior chest wall. There are advanced degenerative changes in the XXXX bilaterally. There is a 38 mm lucency in the right humeral head with geographic 1A margins.
3494.xml, There are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. There is no focal consolidation. No visualized pneumothorax. Heart size is within normal limits. The cardiomediastinal contours is grossly normal in size and contour.
1559.xml, Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Right hilar surgical clips. Stable right-sided volume loss. Increasing density in the superior segment of the left lower lobe, XXXX seen on lateral view. No pneumothorax. Severe degenerative disease of the XXXX.
1764.xml, Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. old left rib fractures.
2045.xml, The heart is upper limits of normal in size. Mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.
2684.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. A calcified granuloma is identified in the peripheral aspect of the left lower lobe. Calcified lymph XXXX are identified in left hilar region. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Minimal degenerative endplate changes of the thoracic spine.
159.xml, Chest. The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. Left and right XXXX. Osteophytes are present at the acromioclavicular joints bilaterally and also on the humeral necks. The right glenohumeral joint is normal, but the left is narrowed. No fractures or bone destruction.
2984.xml, Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. There is a AP XXXX duct is calcified lymph node. The aorta is unfolded. Cardiac silhouette remains moderately enlarged. Low lung volumes due to exaggerated kyphosis. No focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. XXXX spine spondylosis.
187.xml, Normal heart size. Stable tortuous aorta. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or suspicious focal airspace opacity. Prior granulomatous disease.
2442.xml, Given differences in patient rotation, heart size and mediastinal contours are grossly unchanged. Lungs appear clear without focal consolidation. No visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable degenerative changes of the thoracic spine with scattered XXXX deformities. Stable postsurgical changes of the left shoulder and marked degenerative changes of the right shoulder.
2477.xml, Intact XXXX sternotomy XXXX. Stable cardiomegaly with grossly unchanged rightward mediastinal shift. Unchanged appearance of left perihilar calcified lymph XXXX and left basilar calcified granuloma. Relatively unchanged appearance of prominent interstitial markings with patchy bibasilar atelectasis. The negative for pneumothorax, focal infiltrate, or large pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormalities.
568.xml, Heart size normal. Tortuous aorta. Calcified hilar lymph XXXX XXXX sequela of prior granulomatous disease. Hyperinflated lungs. The otherwise lungs are clear. The bilateral apices are partially excluded from the XXXX-of-view. There is the interval fixation of the right humeral fracture, XXXX appears grossly intact. Osteopenia. Exaggerated kyphosis of the thoracic spine.
1458.xml, Stable cardiomegaly and mediastinal contour. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Left basilar airspace opacity XXXX secondary to epicardial fat and overlying soft tissues. DISH of the thoracic spine is noted. Otherwise, visualized osseous structures are unremarkable.
2412.xml, The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The lungs are clear. No focal consolidations. The osseous structures are intact. Calcification in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen XXXX consistent with gallstone.
744.xml, The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Left XXXX-a-XXXX is in XXXX. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Right upper lobe area of dense opacity is seen in the medial right apex. On a previous outside XXXX scan (XXXX), the right upper lobe was consolidated. Comparison to the XXXX XXXX from that exam shows this opacity to have decreased. No films were available, however, for direct comparison.
976.xml, Lung volumes are low. No infiltrates in the lungs. No pleural air collections. Sternotomy sutures and bypass graft markers are present. Heart size normal.
2381.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Granulomatous calcifications are present. The lungs are otherwise clear. Bony structures are intact. Prior cholecystectomy.
2278.xml, The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. XXXX sternotomy XXXX are again seen. The cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unchanged. Right lung calcified granulomata are again seen. There is no consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
417.xml, Stable calcified granulomas. The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. The heart size is normal.
906.xml, Heart size mildly enlarged, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.
3318.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are otherwise clear. Bony structures are intact.
2163.xml, There is a calcified left upper lobe granuloma. No XXXX suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is identified. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The lungs remain hyperexpanded. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph XXXX are consistent with prior granulomatous disease. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
2029.xml, Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
3455.xml, Central vascular prominence and diffuse bilateral interstitial and alveolar opacities. Left basilar airspace opacities. No pneumothorax. Heart size XXXX large. XXXX unremarkable. No large pleural effusion.
1136.xml, Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. Bony structures are intact.
174.xml, There is a left-sided PICC with tip at the caval atrial junction. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. There is no focal airspace opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Stable short segment catheter tubing overlying the left XXXX, XXXX to reside within anterior chest soft tissues on recent chest CT. Stable remote posttraumatic changes of multiple right ribs.
1317.xml, Lungs are clear. There is minimal atelectasis in the left base. No effusion or pneumothorax. Heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits. XXXX density foreign body present in the soft tissues overlying the left lateral chest wall. Visualized osseous structures intact.
2484.xml, Frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. There are scattered nodular opacities, XXXX calcified granulomas. No XXXX focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
2200.xml, Low lung volumes. Bibasilar atelectasis versus scarring. Stable left abdominal surgical clips. The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The XXXX are intact.
3812.xml, Normal heart size and mediastinal contour. Atherosclerotic calcification of the aortic XXXX. No abnormal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable biapical lucency and apical scarring, consistent with emphysema. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable.
3388.xml, Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Stable calcification in the left upper lobe, XXXX representing a granuloma. No focal airspace opacities. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
2226.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. First rib fracture not well demonstrated on XXXX study..
2910.xml, The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
2789.xml, Heart size near top normal limits, mild aortic ectasia size tortuosity. Mediastinal calcifications and dense nodule in the lingula suggest a previous granulomatous process. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.
1691.xml, There are persistent low lung volumes. There is stable streaky left lower lobe airspace disease. Probable XXXX residual left pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion. Stable cardiomediastinal contour. Left-sided rib fractures are better appreciated on the XXXX chest comparison.
3747.xml, Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
310.xml, Chest. The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. The visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable. Thoracic spine. The XXXX examination consists of frontal, lateral and swimmers lateral radiographs of the thoracic spine. There is no evidence of fracture or malalignment. The vertebral body XXXX and disc spaces are maintained. Sternum. The XXXX examination consists of 2 oblique and one lateral radiograph of the sternum. No displaced XXXX fracture demonstrated.
2235.xml, There are low lung volumes. Cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is no focal opacity. There is no large pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax.
1785.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Granulomatous calcifications in the paratracheal region. Mild streaky scarring in the right upper lobe. No active pneumonia. Bony structures are intact.
2288.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No cavitary lesions. XXXX are grossly unremarkable.
1545.xml, No focal areas of consolidation. No pneumothorax. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. Osseous structures intact.
1441.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is within normal limits. There is retrocardiac density which XXXX corresponds to patient's known hiatal hernia. The lungs are hypoinflated. No focal consolidation is seen.
136.xml, Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
933.xml, XXXX change. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
2689.xml, Calcified granulomas are present. There is an area of focal density overlying the right first rib and medial clavicle. This is approximately 1.2 cm in diameter. It may be secondary to overlapping structures. Lungs are otherwise clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is normal. Calcifications of the aortic XXXX are seen. The skeletal structures are unremarkable. There has been a left mastectomy.
1336.xml, Left-sided XXXX/ICD device and leads are stable. Stable enlarged cardiac silhouette. No focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.
3256.xml, There is mild cardiomegaly. Mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. There are small bilateral pleural effusions, left greater than right with left basilar opacities. No pneumothorax. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
2171.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. No change in the small calcified granuloma in the right upper lobe. Heart and mediastinum normal.
229.xml, Heart size within normal limits. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Mediastinal calcification and dense right upper lung nodule suggest a previous granulomatous process.
2614.xml, The heart size is within normal limits. Prominent right paratracheal soft tissues XXXX representing adenopathy. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.
1898.xml, The aortic XXXX, cardiac apex, and stomach are left-sided. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is significantly enlarged. Pulmonary vascular markings centrally are within normal limits and symmetric. Increased interstitial markings bilaterally at the lung bases. This may be related to chronic interstitial changes or edema. No focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality.
1766.xml, 2 images. Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No convincing acute bony findings.
1257.xml, Mild cardiomegaly. Hypoinflation of the lungs. Right basilar XXXX opacity may represent atelectasis. Lungs are otherwise clear without focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Sclerosis of the humeral XXXX bilateral, XXXX from prior AVN. Sclerotic vertebral body endplates with central depression. Calcifications in the right hemiabdomen may represent calcified gallstones.
3724.xml, Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
3017.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There are XXXX opacities in both lung bases compatible with scarring or atelectasis. Calcified granuloma in the left upper lung is noted as well as right retrocardiac calcified nodule. No significant pleural effusion is seen.
154.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Pulmonary vasculature and XXXX are normal. No consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Osseous structures and soft tissues are normal.
3313.xml, Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the spine.
3899.xml, Chest. Mildly hyperexpanded lungs. The right lung base is excluded from view. No visualized consolidation. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusions. Heart size is unremarkable. Abdomen. There are multiple air filled nondilated loops of small and large bowel. There is extensive stool XXXX seen throughout the descending colon. Supine examinations are limited for evaluation of pneumoperitoneum. There is bilateral hip degenerative change.
456.xml, PA and lateral radiograph the chest demonstrate stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. No focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Evidence of prior granulomatous disease. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.
373.xml, Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
2738.xml, The heart size is upper limits of normal. Aorta is tortuous. The lungs are clear without focal infiltrate. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
3578.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
3915.xml, There is a XXXX in the left chest with catheter tip terminating in the superior XXXX XXXX. The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged, similar to prior study. There is minimal pulmonary vascular congestion. There is no acute pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There are stable mild interstitial lung changes, which could be related to chronic edema or fibrosis.
3869.xml, There are changes of prior midline sternotomy with surgical clips consistent with CABG, and stable mild cardiomegaly. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.
1048.xml, Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Visualized osseous structures appear intact. Mild bilateral acromioclavicular joint and thoracic spine degenerative changes are noted.
3196.xml, Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
1487.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
2459.xml, The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.
2880.xml, Heart and mediastinal contour normal. Pulmonary vascularity normal. Lungs clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
1597.xml, Heart and mediastinum within normal limits. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.
102.xml, Normal heart size. Clear, hyperaerated lungs. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. XXXX substernal density may be related to a pectus deformity.
3348.xml, Stable cardiomegaly. The lungs are clear. Stable left lung base calcifications. No focal consolidations. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The XXXX are intact.
3405.xml, The heart is normal size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. Mild degenerative changes are present within the spine.
3943.xml, The bony thorax is intact and the heart size is normal. The lung XXXX are free of infiltrate and there is no pleural effusion. We again note the left hilar calcifications that are unchanged from the prior studies.
1692.xml, Lung volumes are low. No infiltrates. Heart size normal.
2966.xml, The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Scoliosis and degenerative changes are present in the spine.
2229.xml, The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. Surgical clips are seen the right upper quadrant.
1267.xml, No focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary opacities. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax.
891.xml, The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
2879.xml, Borderline heart size. Tortuous calcified aorta. No active pulmonary disease. Mild spondylosis.
1782.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Prior granulomatous disease. Elevated right diaphragm. The lungs are clear. XXXX degenerative spondylosis. There appears to be a mildly displaced fracture of the mid right clavicle.
1232.xml, Stable left chest cardiac XXXX generator with 2 distal leads in right atrium and right ventricle. Heart size normal. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Emphysema. Stable calcified granulomas. Bony structures appear intact.
489.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouette is a within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Multiple granulomas. No acute bony abnormalities.
1065.xml, There has been interval CABG. Sternotomy and XXXX cerclage XXXX appear intact. No focal air space opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable, mild degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine. Visualized bony structures are otherwise unremarkable in appearance. Atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic aorta.
2358.xml, The heart is normal in size. The pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. No focal air space opacities, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.
2739.xml, Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or effusions.
3390.xml, The lungs are clear. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette.
1424.xml, The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
3937.xml, The heart size is upper limits of normal. The pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
2082.xml, The heart is enlarged. There is pulmonary vascular congestion with diffusely increased interstitial and mild patchy airspace opacities. The distribution XXXX pulmonary edema. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
477.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
834.xml, The cardiac silhouette pulmonary vascularity are normal. The lungs are clear. There is no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild degenerative changes are present in the XXXX spine.
2371.xml, There are T-spine osteophytes. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. There are low lung volumes.
2647.xml, The lungs are clear, and without focal airspace opacity. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. XXXX foreign body in the posterior soft tissues appear stable.
2527.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute osseus abnormality.
303.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is Stable. Rectal balloon is noted. Lungs are mildly hypoinflated. There is again eventration of the hemidiaphragms/ Bochdalek hernia, posteriorly as seen on the lateral projection. Bilateral pleural thickening is noted. There are streaky opacities in the lung bases unchanged, XXXX chronic atelectasis.
1087.xml, There is a calcified granuloma in the left upper lobe. Lungs otherwise are believed to be clear. The heart is normal. There are calcified left hilar and mediastinal lymph XXXX. The skeletal structures show some senescent changes.
3398.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. Chronic appearing interstitial marking. Right upper lobe granuloma, stable The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Degenerative changes of the spine.
2723.xml, Negative for cardiac enlargement or vascular congestion. Minimal subsegmental atelectasis at the left base otherwise negative for focal confluent airspace disease. The visualized bony structures are intact. There are minimal degenerative disc changes of the mid/lower thoracic spine. No pneumothorax.
751.xml, Heart size within normal limits. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.
963.xml, The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
1572.xml, The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There is redemonstration of a calcified granuloma within the left upper lobe. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
999.xml, Lungs are clear bilaterally. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX are unremarkable.
1246.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are otherwise clear. Thoracic spondylosis. Bilateral breast prostheses with XXXX calcification.
3622.xml, Left-sided ICD is stable in position. XXXX XXXX sternotomy. There is stable cardiac enlargement. The lungs are clear. There are no focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. Calcified right hilar granuloma and right pulmonary granuloma. Normal pulmonary vascularity. No overt pulmonary edema.
2719.xml, Heart size within normal limits. Prominent interstitial and nodular opacities are increased since comparison exam. There is a 1 cm nodular opacity in the right costophrenic XXXX, increased since comparison examination. A cystic lesion in the right upper lobe appears similar to prior examination. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
3932.xml, The cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is no definite focal infiltrate. There is no large pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax.
1036.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size. Pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. No focal consolidations, effusions, or pneumothoraces. Mild degeneration of the thoracic spine without acute bony abnormality.
1852.xml, Lungs are clear. No focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Heart and mediastinal contours are normal. Osseous structures intact.
3888.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
220.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Left-sided chest XXXX is again visualized with tip at cavoatrial junction. There is no pneumothorax. Numerous bilateral pulmonary nodules have increased in size and number XXXX compared to prior study. The dominant nodule/mass in the left midlung is also mildly increased. There is no pleural effusion.
600.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Calcified left hilar lymph XXXX/granulomas. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Old fracture, right mid clavicle.
1174.xml, Normal cardiac contours. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. Clear left lung XXXX. Right middle lobe with increased opacities, XXXX representative of infiltrate.
707.xml, Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
3072.xml, Left-sided medication injection XXXX has its tip projecting at the cavoatrial junction. The trachea is midline. Extensive bilateral bronchiectasis, cystic changes, and scarring represents sequela from the patient's cystic fibrosis. No evidence of focal pulmonary infiltrate or pleural effusion. No large pneumothorax has developed in the interim. The overlying bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. The heart size is normal.
251.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Mild hyperinflation is noted. There are granulomatous sequela. No acute infiltrate or significant pleural effusion are noted. The costophrenic XXXX are excluded.
3451.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is Stable. Calcified AP XXXX lymph XXXX are seen. A small right-sided pleural effusion versus thickening. Right inferior rib deformities.
2168.xml, The heart size is within normal limits. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.
3637.xml, Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.
3766.xml, The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. There are severe arthritic changes of the XXXX with mild arthritic changes of the thoracic spine.
2431.xml, Lungs are clear. No focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. Calcified lymph XXXX.
3803.xml, The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. The aorta is tortuous and atherosclerotic. The lungs are hyperexpanded with flattening of hemidiaphragms and increased retrosternal airspace. There is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There are degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
3278.xml, Chest: 2 images. Heart size is normal. Mediastinal contours are maintained. There is a mild pectus excavatum deformity. The lungs are clear of focal infiltrate. There is no evidence for pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No convincing acute bony findings. Right shoulder: 3 images. There has been XXXX and screw fixation of the midshaft right clavicle. The lateral most screw is fractured. This is age-indeterminate as no prior studies are available for comparison. Otherwise, the surgical XXXX appears intact. The humeral head is seen within the glenoid, without evidence for dislocation. No bony fractures are seen. The visualized right ribs appear intact. Right clavicle: 2 images. No clavicle fracture is seen. Once again noted is the surgical fixation XXXX, with fracture of the lateral most fixation screw.
842.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No radiodense foreign bodies noted. No acute osseous findings.
2418.xml, The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Note is XXXX of calcifications in the aortic XXXX. The lungs are clear, without evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. There is calcification of the chondral portions of the ribs.
3922.xml, Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. No focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality.
30.xml, Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Negative for pneumoperitoneum. Bony thorax and soft tissue grossly unremarkable
270.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
2961.xml, There is patchy opacity in the left base concerning for atelectasis versus pneumonitis. There is a curvilinear lucency that appears to be in the right hemidiaphragm and a small amount of free intraperitoneal air may be present. There is a small left pleural effusion. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
1442.xml, The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.
2345.xml, The heart size is at the upper limits of normal. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. Mild chronic degenerative changes are present within the thoracic spine..
134.xml, Calcified granulomata are present in the right middle lobe and right upper lobe. These are unchanged since the previous examination. Both lungs are free of active infiltrates. Heart size normal.
114.xml, The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The lungs are clear. No focal consolidations. The osseous structures are intact.
1687.xml, Feeding tube noted with tip XXXX distal to the gastroesophageal junction. No focal areas of consolidation. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. Osseous structures intact.
449.xml, Cardiac silhouette within normal limits. No edema or airspace consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion.
1508.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
2502.xml, There is a focal area of opacity in the right midlung zone. This was not present on the recent prior study. There is prominence of the pulmonary markings throughout and there are small bilateral pleural effusions. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There is a prosthetic valve. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
2312.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.
3987.xml, No acute osseous abnormality. Stable scattered endplate degenerative changes and osteophyte formation in the thoracic spine. Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. No focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.
2438.xml, The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
761.xml, Lung volumes are low. No focal infiltrates. Heart size normal.
3228.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is again biapical scarring. Small stable calcified left lower lobe granuloma. The lungs are otherwise clear.
2390.xml, The heart is borderline in size. The mediastinum is stable with changes of XXXX sternotomy and bypass graft. Aorta is atherosclerotic. There are postsurgical changes of the left hemithorax with mild left-sided volume loss as evidenced by diaphragm elevation. Left post thoracotomy rib changes are noted. The right lung is clear. There is no pleural effusion.
3729.xml, Chest. Normal heart size. Mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. No focal infiltrates or masses. No pneumothorax or visible pleural fluid. No free intraperitoneal air in the diaphragm. Osseous structures unremarkable. Abdomen: There are no dilated loops of bowel to suggest obstruction. No air-fluid levels or free intraperitoneal air. No suspicious calcifications. There is XXXX XXXX curvature of the thoracolumbar spine. Otherwise the osseous structures are grossly unremarkable.
2970.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contours are stable. Stable calcification of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. There is no focal air space opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No acute bony abnormality is demonstrated.
3902.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
819.xml, Both lungs are clear and expanded area heart and mediastinum are normal. Incidental note XXXX of bilateral breast implants.
2596.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
1152.xml, The heart is enlarged. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Atherosclerotic calcifications present within the thoracic aorta. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. Chronic degenerative changes are noted within the spine.
1345.xml, Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
2483.xml, There has been previous aortic valve replacement. Heart is towards upper limits normal for size and may be mild pulmonary vascular congestion. The skeletal structures are normal. The soft tissues are normal.
1308.xml, Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Clear lungs. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Unremarkable XXXX.
1477.xml, Heart size within normal limits. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.
2700.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Granulomatous calcifications and mediastinum. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.
2797.xml, The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. Visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
2722.xml, Overall low lung volumes. Lungs are grossly clear. Pleural thickening along the inferior left lateral chest. This appears relatively stable compared to the prior examination. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. cardiomegaly. Degenerative changes in the spine.
264.xml, Heart XXXX, mediastinum, XXXX, bony structures and lung XXXX are unremarkable. No significant interval change compared to prior study, no XXXX infiltrates noted.
2062.xml, Right subclavian catheter, distal tip posterior to the head of the clavicle, the level of the subclavian vein. Low lung volumes. No pleural effusion. Left lower lobe airspace disease, XXXX atelectasis. Cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is normal . XXXX XXXX intact.
3690.xml, The heart is again enlarged. Aorta is tortuous. The lungs are hypoinflated but clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
1027.xml, This examination is somewhat limited secondary to obscuration of the bilateral posterior costophrenic sulci on the lateral view. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion. The thoracic spine appears intact.
2304.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute osseous findings.
3149.xml, The lungs are hyperexpanded. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pleural effusion, focal airspace opacities or pneumothorax. No free subdiaphragmatic air.
2423.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.
3025.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. No acute displaced rib fractures.
183.xml, Heart size within normal limits. There are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. There is mild increased airspace opacity within the right lung base which may represent atelectasis or infiltrate.. No visualized pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Multilevel degenerative disease of the spine.
2386.xml, Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. There is an 8 mm calcified nodule in the left midlung. There is also a 7 mm calcified nodule near the left hilum. Hyperexpanded lungs consistent with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
2233.xml, Hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. Scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings with no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.
1591.xml, The trachea is midline. The cardio mediastinal silhouette is of normal size and contour. No evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion. Low lung volumes XXXX XXXX atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. Lateral view reveals degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
725.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
2252.xml, Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
1911.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal air space opacities, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. XXXX are grossly unremarkable.
3144.xml, XXXX XXXX and lateral views of the chest were obtained on XXXX. The lung volumes are normal. The lungs are clear and there are no pleural effusions. The mediastinum and pulmonary XXXX are normal. The bony elements are not remarkable.
3854.xml, Frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. Normal pulmonary vasculature and central airways. No focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
540.xml, The heart size is within normal limits. Mild streaky opacities are present in the left lung base. An accessory azygos fissure is noted. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
2573.xml, Lungs are clear bilaterally. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX are unremarkable.
699.xml, Stable enlargement of the cardiac silhouette, stable mediastinal contours. Increased interstitial markings in the central lungs and bases, right greater than left. XXXX opacity on the lateral view over the heart also present on the previous exam suggesting chronic subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. No definite pleural effusion seen.
499.xml, There are no focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary opacities. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. There is no evidence of pneumothorax.
3500.xml, Frontal and lateral views demonstrate the cardiomediastinal silhouette to be within normal limits. There is normal distribution of the pulmonary vascularity. The lungs are clear. No effusion, consolidation, or pneumothorax.
2513.xml, [<Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. There is a large hiatal hernia seen projecting in the retrocardiac region. This is XXXX from prior examination. There is associated atelectasis in the left lung base. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified.
3654.xml, There is a 6 mm nodular opacity in the right upper lobe. This appears XXXX from the prior study. The lungs otherwise appear clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Heart size and mediastinal contour appear within normal limits.
3787.xml, Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Bony structures appear intact.
2111.xml, Patchy airspace disease is present in the lateral view probably within the right lower lobe. There is severe underlying emphysema. The aorta is calcified. There is spondylosis.
1900.xml, There are XXXX sternotomy XXXX identified. The heart is within normal limits in size. The aorta is calcified and tortuous. There are scattered calcified granulomas throughout both lungs. No focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
3066.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Mild emphysematous changes without focal consolidation. There is no pleural effusion. XXXX lingular scarring or atelectasis noted.
2339.xml, The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Multiple XXXX-filled loops of bowel are present. Gastrostomy is noted.
3493.xml, Heart size is within normal limits. Trachea is midline. The lung volumes are slightly on the low side. Lungs are otherwise clear without pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No focal consolidations. No bony or soft tissue abnormalities.
2395.xml, Normal cardiomediastinal contours. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax.
132.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
1759.xml, There is hyperexpansion. The heart size is normal. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Two circular densities overlying the right ribs which were not present in the XXXX CT. No focal infiltrates
2904.xml, Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with borderline heart size and aortic ectasia/tortuosity. Stable hyperinflation without focal alveolar consolidation. No definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Healed left rib fractures again noted.
1681.xml, Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
1274.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. Pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. The lungs are well-aerated. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation.
2160.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute osseus abnormality.
2022.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are free of acute infiltrates and expanded. Strandy scarring in the left lower lobe is unchanged. Heart and mediastinum normal.
3707.xml, There may be a subtle airspace opacity in the right base near the midclavicular line. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal.
2317.xml, A calcified granuloma is present in the right costophrenic XXXX. Lungs are otherwise clear. Heart size normal.
3644.xml, Stable XXXX XXXX, including elongation of the left ventricle and tortuous thoracic aorta. Subcarinal calcified lymph XXXX. XXXX lung volumes. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality.
2275.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. There is a right middle lobe nodule which is denser than adjacent XXXX is most XXXX calcified. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Degenerative endplate changes of the spine.
1752.xml, Size is normal limits. Cardiomediastinal silhouette has normal contour. There is a vague opacity in the right infrahilar region. There is also a 5 mm well circumscribed nodule in the right upper lung XXXX. It is not well visualized on lateral view.
1641.xml, Two views of chest was obtained in AP projection. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is not enlarged. Lungs demonstrate segmental air space disease within the left lower lobe. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. There is evidence of CABG.
1923.xml, Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Hyperinflated lungs. Cardiomegaly. Bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable
2465.xml, Heart size is mildly enlarged but stable.. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
735.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute osseus abnormality.
1743.xml, Considering differences in technical factors XXXX stable cardiomegaly and stable mediastinal contours. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
1708.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. Calcified lymph XXXX are identified in the left infrahilar region. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. No acute, displaced rib fractures identified.
3529.xml, Status post midline sternotomy with intact XXXX XXXX. Stable mild cardiomegaly. Normal lung vascularity. The lungs are clear.
2187.xml, The heart size is normal. Tortuous aorta. Calcifications are seen within the aortic XXXX. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. Stable calcified granuloma within the lingula. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm. Surgical clips are seen within the right upper abdomen.
1122.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. The thoracic spine appears intact.
3442.xml, Normal cardiomediastinal contours. Low lung volumes with minimal left basilar opacities. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions.
1938.xml, No focal lung opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable.
2015.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.
851.xml, The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are underinflated, but XXXX given the underinflation, the XXXX appear enlarged, more XXXX than on the exam and XXXX. Osteophytic degeneration kyphotic thoracic spine. Mid and lower thoracic vertebroplasty has been performed. A right-sided chest XXXX is present with its tip in the upper SVC.
1986.xml, The heart size and cardia mediastinal silhouette are normal. There is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There is an approximately 8mm opacity overlying the sixth anterior rib. There are other scattered calcified granulomas. The osseous structures are intact. There are mild degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
788.xml, Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. There is no focal consolidation. There are no XXXX of a large pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax. There is no acute bony abnormality seen. Probable old lateral right rib fractures.
1280.xml, The cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. There is no pulmonary edema. There is no focal consolidation. There are no XXXX of pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pneumothorax.
1995.xml, The lungs are clear, and without focal air space opacity. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
1679.xml, Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
3076.xml, Frontal view kyphotic and rotated, low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. Otherwise, no definite airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. Accounting for technical factors heart size XXXX borderline enlarged.
267.xml, Endotracheal tube and NG tube have been removed. Mild patchy bilateral airspace disease. There are small bilateral pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. Heart and mediastinum are stable with normal size heart. Degenerative changes in the spine.
2117.xml, Stable appearance of chest with no findings of disease progression. Heart and mediastinum stable configuration. Stable elevation of left hemidiaphragm. Lungs clear of consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Bony thorax intact. Minimal spondylosis of the lower thoracic spine.
3882.xml, Eventration of the left diaphragm is noted. Question left basilar atelectasis versus infiltrate. No evidence of pneumothorax. Generalized lung volumes. No definite pleural effusions. Heart size within normal limits. Osseous structures intact.
192.xml, Low lung volumes. Heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. No focal air space consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Mild thoracic spine degenerative change.
3817.xml, Lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX and soft tissues are unremarkable.
2925.xml, The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pleural effusion is identified.
3967.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Mild degenerative endplate changes of the spine.
3951.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Masslike opacification of right apex. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. XXXX are grossly normal.
3649.xml, Clear lungs bilaterally. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Normal cardiac contour.
2480.xml, The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.
1349.xml, The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Calcified granuloma is identified.
1058.xml, Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Innumerable bilateral lung nodules are present. These are seen diffusely throughout both lungs. No superimposed focal airspace disease is seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. Scoliosis is present.
3836.xml, The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
3346.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
234.xml, The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear, without focal consolidation or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. Lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No layering pleural effusion or pneumothorax seen on decubitus exam.
3740.xml, XXXX diffuse right lower lobe airspace opacity is present. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal.
3966.xml, Chest: The heart is normal size with normal appearance of the cardia mediastinal silhouette. There is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There are mild degenerative changes and thoracic spine. Right knee: There are severe tricompartmental degenerative changes with obliteration of the joint spaces. There is no fracture or dislocation. Left knee: There is joint space loss most prominent in the medial compartment. The XXXX of lateral view and limits evaluation for an effusion or the patellofemoral joint space. There is no fracture or dislocation.
3994.xml, Similar mild cardiomegaly. Of the pulmonary vascularity is prominent. No focal consolidations or effusions. No pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality.
3370.xml, Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Bony thorax and soft tissues unremarkable.
2859.xml, There is a rounded dense opacity in the lateral left midlung zone probably the left upper lobe most suggestive of a rounded pneumonia. There is no pleural effusion. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal.
3876.xml, The heart is normal size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. There is stable mild XXXX deformity of the lower thoracic vertebral body.
1072.xml, The heart and mediastinal contours are stable. Aorta is calcified and tortuous, compatible with atherosclerotic disease. Since the prior study, there's been interval development of left lower lobe airspace disease. The right lung is clear.
1073.xml, The lungs are hyperexpanded, with flattened diaphragms. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and stable from prior exam. There is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. There are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
97.xml, The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.
3088.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. No focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is levoscoliosis of the thoracic spine.
1311.xml, Low lung volumes with redemonstrated bronchovascular crowding. The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. The cardiac silhouette size is borderline enlarged.
2635.xml, The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.
1209.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
2341.xml, The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.
429.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There is no definite evidence of acute fracture.
2158.xml, There are diffuse increased interstitial markings, suggestive of pulmonary fibrosis in bilateral lung XXXX. The fibrosis appears to slightly increased XXXX compared to previous examination, in XXXX. The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion. The heart size is normal.
1989.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. There are 3 cardiac pacing leads in stable position. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There is minimal XXXX scarring or atelectasis in the right lung base. The lungs are otherwise clear.
1412.xml, The lungs are clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX appear normal. Pleural spaces are clear. The mediastinal contours are normal. Bony overlap in the lung apices could obscure a small pulmonary nodule.
2979.xml, The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are calcified mediastinal lymph XXXX. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
3491.xml, The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The thoracic aorta is prominent with calcification within the aorta. Azygos lobe is noted. Lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Degenerative changes noted in the spine.
2688.xml, There is mild cardiomegaly. Aorta is heavily calcified and tortuous, consistent with atherosclerotic disease. There are diffuse increased interstitial opacities identified. This may be secondary to edema, or alternatively atypical infection. No large effusion or visualized pneumothorax. Osteopenia of the spine is identified.
1488.xml, The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
1182.xml, Heart size within normal limits. No alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.
1292.xml, Borderline enlarged heart. Torturous/ectatic thoracic aorta. No focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There are degenerative changes of the spine. There is fracture of distal right clavicle, better seen on the right shoulder radiographs dated XXXX. Small round lucency in the distal left clavicle, appears benign. Degenerative changes of both XXXX joints.
1432.xml, Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.
1838.xml, Stable elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or large effusion.
3907.xml, There is stable, mild enlargement of the cardiac silhouette. Stable mediastinal silhouette. There are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. Scattered XXXX opacities in the right lung base XXXX representing foci of subsegmental atelectasis with scattered airspace opacities in the medial left lower lobe. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine possibly consistent with DISH.
2802.xml, Hyperexpanded lungs. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Multiple surgical clips overlie the midabdomen.
1863.xml, Heart size is mildly enlarged. Tortuous aorta. Lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis.. Degenerative changes of the spine.
2282.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. Specifically, no evidence of rib fractures.
3227.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute osseus abnormality.
1012.xml, Lung volumes are low. Bibasilar consolidation and bilateral costophrenic XXXX blunting are present. Heart size normal. Pulmonary XXXX normal. Shunt tubing traverses the entire image from top to XXXX.
3365.xml, No large pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. No focal airspace opacities. Heart size is normal.
1211.xml, Normal heart size mediastinal contours. No focal airspace opacity. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Visualized XXXX are unremarkable in appearance.
2263.xml, Heart size moderately enlarged, stable mediastinal contours. XXXX XXXX opacity in the left lung base. Otherwise, no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.
3832.xml, The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not enlarged. There are calcified mediastinal lymph XXXX. The skeletal structures are normal.
2142.xml, PA and lateral views the chest were obtained. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. The lungs are well aerated. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. Probable DISH of the thoracic spine.
3601.xml, The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Large hiatal hernia is present. Osteopenia and degenerative changes are present in the spine. Vascular calcification is noted. Degenerative changes are present in the right shoulder.
3011.xml, Aortic atherosclerotic calcifications. Large hiatal hernia. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No focal opacity. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in size and appearance.
595.xml, The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
3931.xml, The heart size is normal. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. The lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. The XXXX are normal in appearance.
3773.xml, The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size upper limits of normal, predominantly left ventricular contour (XXXX visualized on lateral projection), pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. .
1407.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Right lung base granuloma. The lungs are otherwise clear. Thoracic spondylosis.
338.xml, The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. The patient was shielded.
2056.xml, The heart size is upper limits of normal. The pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
2922.xml, Hyperinflated lungs with flattened diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. No alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. Heart size within normal limits. Right hilar calcification suggests a previous granulomatous process.
508.xml, Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable.
1777.xml, The patient is rotated to left. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size. XXXX lucency along the left ventricular XXXX XXXX related to interface between the heart and aerated lung. Patchy right perihilar/upper lobe opacities, which abut the XXXX fissure on lateral projection. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Exaggerated thoracic kyphosis. No definite acute bone abnormality.
3243.xml, Normal heart size. Diffuse bilateral reticulonodular interstitial opacities. There are no XXXX of a large pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. Heart is not enlarged. XXXX are unremarkable.
3184.xml, The aortic XXXX is mildly tortuous. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. There are T-spine osteophytes. Large body habitus.
1812.xml, No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits, visualized osseous structures appear intact.
3789.xml, Mild cardiomegaly is unchanged. Stable superior mediastinal contour appear normal pulmonary vascularity. No XXXX airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities. Right upper quadrant surgical clips.
555.xml, Heart size normal. No focal airspace consolidations. No pneumothorax or effusion. Degenerative changes in the midthoracic spine.
2877.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Normal XXXX.
1677.xml, The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. The lungs are well expanded and clear. There is no focal air space opacity, pneumothorax, or effusion. The bony structures of the thorax are intact with no evidence of acute abnormality. .
172.xml, Elevated right hemidiaphragm. Clear lungs. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is upper limits of normal with tortuosity and ectasia of the aorta. Generative changes within the spine. In the upper lumbar spine there is an age-indeterminate wedge XXXX of a vertebral body.
2092.xml, there is a rounded opacity in the right lower zone measuring 2.0 cm which is XXXX to be in the posterobasal segment. There is of uncertain etiology but would benefit from followup at XXXX some concern for neoplasm. A XXXX is recommended. No airspace disease, effusion or cavitary nodule. Normal heart size and mediastinum. Visualized XXXX of the chest XXXX are within normal limits.
17.xml, No focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary opacities. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Osseous structures intact.
2298.xml, The heart is normal size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. Chronic degenerative changes are present within the spine.
207.xml, Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. The lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormalities.
462.xml, Mild cardiomegaly. Mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta. No focal air space opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
682.xml, The lungs appear clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. The pleural spaces are clear. Surgical clips and suture material are noted in the right hilar region suggesting prior lung surgery. The mediastinal contours are stable.
163.xml, There are no airspace opacities to suggest pneumonia. There is a vague nodular like opacity in the right midlung measuring 1.2 cm projecting through the posterior 7th and 8th ribs. This may be artifact. Chest fluoroscopy would confirm this. Heart and pulmonary XXXX appear normal. There are calcified subcarinal and right hilar lymph XXXX. The pleural spaces are clear.
513.xml, There is prominence of the right heart XXXX, consistent with right atrial enlargement. A XXXX density is demonstrated on the frontal view with exaggerated posterior projection of the cardiac silhouette, suggesting left atrial enlargement. The cardiac silhouette is overall enlarged. The mediastinal contours are otherwise within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Mild pulmonary hyperexpansion. Mild left apical pleural thickening. Moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. 19/33.
1694.xml, The lungs are clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX appear normal. The pleural spaces are clear. There is XXXX minimal sclerotic change overlying the midthoracic spine the lateral view. Unclear whether this is a pulmonary finding or skeletal finding. Bone scan would be helpful to evaluate for potential metastatic disease. The mediastinal contours are normal.
850.xml, Stable appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace consolidation.
1576.xml, Lumbar and are low. No infiltrates. Heart size normal. A large hiatal hernia is present. An age-indeterminate XXXX fracture is present in the lower thoracic vertebra. Scoliosis is present in the thoracic and thoracolumbar spine.
3583.xml, The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
2191.xml, There is no acute osseous abnormality. Soft tissues are within normal limits. Borderline enlargement of the heart. Normal vascular markings. Left basilar retrocardiac opacity. No pneumothorax.
1492.xml, The lungs are clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. Pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal. There is stable lucency in the right mid clavicle dating back to XXXX.
698.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. T-spine osteophytes.
2356.xml, Low lung volumes. No focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable
3485.xml, The heart size and pulmonary vascular appear within normal limits. The lungs appear hyperexpanded consistent with emphysema. Calcified lymph XXXX and granuloma are noted. No acute appearing focal airspace disease is seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is noted.
1465.xml, The heart is normal in size. Stable appearance of coronary stent. XXXX sternotomy changes are present. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
66.xml, Chest. Both lungs are clear and expanded with no pleural air collections or parenchymal consolidations. Heart and mediastinum remain normal. Lumbosacral spine. XXXX, disc spaces, and alignment are normal. Sacrum and sacroiliac joints are normal.
2745.xml, Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Clear lungs besides scattered calcified granulomas. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormalities.
2311.xml, Normal cardiac size, mediastinum, and central pulmonary vasculature. Grossly clear lungs, without focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No evidence of displaced rib fractures. Normal thoracic vertebral body XXXX.
1895.xml, The lateral images limited secondary to motion artifact. No focal consolidation, large pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Heart size normal. XXXX unremarkable.
2068.xml, The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
1684.xml, The heart is normal in size. The pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. No focal air space opacities. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.
1913.xml, The heart size and cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal. There is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The obstruction are intact with mild degenerative change in the thoracic spine.
1165.xml, Frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary XXXX and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. No pleural effusion.
3448.xml, The lungs are hyperexpanded. The heart is normal in size. The pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. No focal airspace opacities, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. A calcific density in the left midlung zone XXXX represents old granulomatous disease. No acute bony abnormalities.
1792.xml, The heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. There are streaky left basilar opacities and blunting of the left costophrenic sulcus XXXX secondary to a small effusion. No pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.
1277.xml, PA and lateral views the chest were obtained. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. The lungs are well aerated. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or lobar air space consolidation. XXXX right middle lobe collapse appears less distinct than on prior study.
1563.xml, Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace opacities. No pneumothorax. No effusions. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. No XXXX deformities. Emphysematous changes.
2078.xml, The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
1372.xml, Heart size is within normal limits. Mild prominence of the mediastinum. Bibasilar predominantly interstitial pulmonary opacities. No visualized pneumothorax. No pleural effusion.
3795.xml, 2 images. Moderate thoracic dextroscoliosis, similar to prior imaging. Heart size is normal. No focal airspace consolidation is seen within the lungs. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
1154.xml, Normal heart size. Clear lungs. Degenerative this disease within the spine. Prosthetic right shoulder. Possible XXXX body in the axillary recess of the left shoulder. Degenerative left glenohumeral osteoarthritis.
1013.xml, Stable mild cardiomegaly. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Bony structures intact. Right humeral head bone anchor.
609.xml, Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. Lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. XXXX XXXX are grossly intact.
2503.xml, The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
1163.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Heart size upper limit of normal. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
757.xml, Heart size is normal. The lungs are clear. There are no focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The hilar and mediastinal contours are unchanged. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Stable postsurgical changes of the lower cervical spine.
3831.xml, Clear lungs. No infiltrates or suspicious pulmonary opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette within normal limits.
476.xml, The lungs are clear. No pleural effusion is identified. The heart is normal. There are calcifications of the aortic XXXX. The skeletal structures are normal.
2306.xml, No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is normal . XXXX XXXX intact. Mild degenerative change of the lower thoracic spine, anterior osteophytes.
1608.xml, The cardiac silhouette, upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no acute air space infiltrate, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No pulmonary nodules are identified.
563.xml, The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. Cardiac silhouette is at top limits of normal. Aortic and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. Partially visualized ORIF XXXX involving the left proximal humerus. Deformity of the left distal clavicle compatible with remote XXXX. No displaced rib fractures on this chest examination.
3191.xml, Borderline cardiac enlargement. Enlarged calcified thoracic aorta. Emphysema. No acute pulmonary abnormality. Mild spondylosis.
177.xml, The heart size is enlarged. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. Calcification is seen within the aortic XXXX. XXXX interstitial opacities. There are no nodules or masses. Stable appearing right perihilar calcified granulomas. No visible pneumothorax. Bilateral costophrenic XXXX blunting, left worse than right. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
1463.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
2754.xml, The lungs are clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. The pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal.
1054.xml, Heart size is normal. Stable mediastinal contour. No focal airspace consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Mild thoracic spine degenerative change.
2522.xml, Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. Chronic appearing left greater than right lung base scarring with possible small effusions. No pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
3666.xml, XXXX onset right basal atelectasis with airspace disease and effusion suggestive of the chest infection. Stable cardiomegaly and features of CABG. Interval XXXX removal of left PICC line, no pneumothorax.
2141.xml, The heart size is mildly enlarged. There is tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.
2060.xml, There is prominence of the left hilum which may represent adenopathy or engorged vasculature. Cardiac silhouette is within normal limits of size and contour. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute bone abnormality.
215.xml, Stable cardiomegaly. XXXX sternotomy XXXX are intact. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. XXXX calcific density in the left mid to upper lung XXXX represents old granulomatous disease. No focal consolidation. Stable moderate thoracic levoscoliosis and mild thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis.
1023.xml, The cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. There is no pulmonary edema. There is no focal consolidation. There are no XXXX of a large pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pneumothorax.
2286.xml, Chronic-appearing XXXX opacities are unchanged and represent emphysema. Heart size is normal. No large pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. No focal airspace opacities.
804.xml, Low lung volumes are noted. Allowing for technical factors the heart size is XXXX normal. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is increased bilateral predominantly perihilar interstitial opacity, XXXX consistent with pulmonary edema. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The XXXX are unremarkable.
1772.xml, Mild cardiomegaly. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.
951.xml, Normal heart. Clear lungs. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion.
1482.xml, Heart size within normal limits. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.
810.xml, Normal heart size, mediastinal and aortic contours. Normal pulmonary vascularity. The lungs are clear. No focal consolidation, visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Scattered calcified granuloma. Degenerative changes the spine.
70.xml, Sequelae of old granulomatous disease. Lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
3143.xml, XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. Aortic XXXX appear unremarkable. Lungs demonstrate no acute findings. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.
1467.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
1377.xml, The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
1408.xml, Stable right upper lobe calcified granuloma. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Normal heart size and pulmonary vasculature. XXXX XXXX are grossly intact. No thoracic XXXX fractures.
1028.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Acromioclavicular arthritis is present, XXXX severe.
1003.xml, Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Retrocardiac soft tissue density is present. There appears to be air within this which could suggest that this represents a hiatal hernia. Vascular calcification is noted. Calcified granuloma is seen. There has been interval development of bandlike opacity in the left lung base. This may represent atelectasis. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. Osteopenia is present in the spine.
2668.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.
1063.xml, There is minimal XXXX opacity in the left lung base, XXXX representing atelectasis. The lungs are otherwise clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax.
3755.xml, Heart size upper limits of normal. Pulmonary vascular engorgement appears within limits of normal. No consolidating airspace disease is seen within the lungs. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Bridging syndesmophytes are noted throughout visualized thoracolumbar spine. This could indicate diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis. This is similar to prior imaging.
645.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contours appear normal limits. No focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality. Degenerative changes of the spine.
1388.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Normal XXXX. XXXX cholecystectomy.
2999.xml, The cardiac silhouette is at the upper limits of normal for size. Patchy opacities are demonstrated in the left lung base. No focal pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. Minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
2485.xml, There is bilateral lower lung airspace disease. There are small to moderate sized bilateral pleural effusions, left greater than right. There is no pneumothorax. Mediastinal silhouette normal. Calcified left hilar lymph XXXX.
3526.xml, The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. there are diminished lung volumes with XXXX XXXX hypoventilatory changes. The cardiac silhouette is not enlarged. There is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. Surgical clips are seen in the upper abdomen. No acute osseous abnormalities demonstrated.
694.xml, The cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal. The lungs are clear. There is no evidence of pleural effusion. Postoperative changes are noted in the mediastinum and lower cervical spine.
988.xml, Lungs are clear. No focal infiltrate. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette.
693.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Grossly unchanged appearance of calcified hilar lymph XXXX and scattered calcified granulomas. Stable degenerative changes in the spine.
1170.xml, No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Mild cardiomegaly. Cardio mediastinal silhouette unremarkable. Bony structures appear intact.
246.xml, The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal.
2644.xml, Mild cardiomegaly. Pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. Costophrenic XXXX are XXXX. There is increased kyphotic curvature of the thoracic spine. Within the heart XXXX, there is a small area of oval-shaped density measuring 2.2 x 1.6 cm without correction for magnification. There is a calcified lymph node in the right hilum. No pneumothorax.
1347.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute displaced rib fracture.
997.xml, Calcified mediastinal XXXX. No focal areas of consolidation. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Degenerative changes thoracic spine.
2576.xml, No change in the appearance of the left upper lobectomy. Left parahilar scar is unchanged. No XXXX infiltrates or masses in the lungs. Heart size remains normal.
2605.xml, Single view of chest was obtained in AP projection. Limited study secondary to body habitus. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is not enlarged. Lungs demonstrate no focal infiltrates. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.
3124.xml, There is persistent, marked enlargement of the pulmonary arteries. Normal heart size. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance.
2716.xml, Within the right lower lobes there are XXXX airspace opacities XXXX representing consolidation and atelectasis with blunting of the bilateral costophrenic XXXX. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis. No acute osseous abnormality.
3910.xml, Heart size and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. Low lung volumes without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Multilevel degenerative changes in the spine.
3175.xml, Stable obscuration of the left cardiac XXXX, XXXX representing left pleural thickening. Stable nodular opacity within the left midlung. The lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal consolidation, pleural effusions, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable. XXXX are unremarkable.
556.xml, The lungs are clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. The pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal.
2107.xml, Heart size is mildly enlarged. The pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is biapical scarring noted. There is slight bilateral costovertebral XXXX blunting which may indicate XXXX effusions. No pneumothorax is identified. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is a left-sided dual-XXXX XXXX unchanged from the comparison study with leads in expected position.
1456.xml, No focal consolidation. No visualized pneumothorax. No large pleural effusions. The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are grossly unremarkable.
3403.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute displaced rib fracture.
3040.xml, No focal lung consolidation. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. There is anterior fusion XXXX at the cervicothoracic junction.
1141.xml, Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
3402.xml, The heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Scattered calcified granulomas bilaterally. No acute bony abnormalities.
2606.xml, There is stable prominence of the pulmonary interstitium. XXXX and fluid containing density seen adjacent to the heart is stable, most consistent with a moderate sized hiatal hernia. There is stable tortuosity and/or ectasia of the thoracic aorta, with calcification of the aortic XXXX. No pleural effusion, focal airspace disease or pneumothorax. Stable exaggerated kyphosis of the thoracic spine, stable anterior wedge deformities of at XXXX 2 thoracic vertebral bodies at the apex of the kyphotic curvature. Diffuse osteopenia.
1985.xml, XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. Aortic XXXX appear unremarkable. Lungs demonstrate no acute findings. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.
1616.xml, Chest. Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality. Ribs. There are no displaced rib fractures, or obvious nondisplaced rib fractures. Soft tissues appear normal.
2777.xml, PA and lateral views the chest were obtained. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. The lungs are well aerated. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. Minimal scarring or atelectasis left lung base.
1854.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute displaced rib fracture.
2660.xml, Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
1839.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Granulomatous sequela are noted. The previously visualized nodular density in the right upper lobe is not well-seen on today's study. There is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion.
585.xml, There are prominent epicardial fat pads, unchanged from prior. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. There is atherosclerosis of the aortic XXXX. Unchanged streaky opacities in the bilateral costophrenic sulci XXXX represent chronic scarring or atelectasis.
1658.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.. No acute, displaced rib fractures.
2017.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.
279.xml, The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
3925.xml, The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are calcified right hilar and mediastinal lymph XXXX. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
44.xml, The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
680.xml, 2 images. Small centrally calcified granuloma within the lateral right lung base. Otherwise the lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No evidence for pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
2690.xml, The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is a calcified granuloma within the left midlung.
3671.xml, Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Mild patchy right upper lobe opacities, similar to slightly improved from XXXX. Left lung clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
3879.xml, The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
3856.xml, PA and lateral views. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear. No effusions, consolidation or pneumothorax.
2466.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Bony thorax is unremarkable.
1788.xml, The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace consolidation. The heart size is normal.
2763.xml, Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There is mild prominence of the interstitial markings which are unchanged.
1696.xml, The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.
3112.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.
1261.xml, Mild cardiomegaly. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Tortuosity of the descending aorta. No focal infiltrate, pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
3284.xml, The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
3425.xml, The lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Left-sided pacemaker again noted with 1-XXXX in right atrium, another right ventricle and third in the left ventricle. These are stable. There is stable cardiomegaly.
660.xml, No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity or definite pleural effusion. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Stable mediastinal contour. Calcified hilar lymph XXXX. Visualized osseous structures unremarkable.
3593.xml, Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
654.xml, Lungs are clear. Heart size normal. The XXXX are unremarkable.
1265.xml, Normal heart size. There is a round density in the AP XXXX. XXXX study performed in XXXX is not available for review at this time. Lungs are hyperinflated with flattened diaphragms. Calcified right lower lobe granuloma. No focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. No pulmonary edema. No acute bony abnormality.
2203.xml, PA and lateral views of the chest were obtained. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. The lungs are well aerated. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation. Old right rib fractures.
549.xml, Stable appearance of the left upper lung lobe with scarring, volume loss, and pleural thickening. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits normal appearance, similar to prior. Volume loss in the left lung, stable. Right lung is clear. There is no XXXX focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Mild scarring at the right apex. No acute bony abnormality.
1139.xml, Cardiomegaly. Mediastinal contours are normal limits. Increased interstitial opacities. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute osseous abnormality.
1203.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is XXXX patchy opacity in the left upper lobe. Possibility of tuberculosis should be excluded. No pleural effusion is seen. There is no pneumothorax the lungs are hyperinflated.
1030.xml, Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. There is no focal consolidation. There are no XXXX of a large pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax. There is no acute bony abnormality seen. Mild degenerative changes of the spine.
677.xml, PICC line catheter tip XXXX in the right atrium. Heart is not enlarged. Trachea and XXXX bronchi appear normal. Lungs are mildly under expanded. No pneumothorax. There are small areas of patchy density in the left lower lung XXXX. There is a larger area of XXXX patchy density in the right mid and lower lungs with right-sided pleural effusion.
1315.xml, Normal heart size. Normal mediastinal silhouette. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or suspicious focal air space opacity.
2036.xml, There is mild cardiomegaly. The thoracic aorta is tortuous. Lung volumes are low with asymmetric elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. There is platelike atelectasis in the right midlung along with bibasilar airspace disease, either atelectasis or infiltrate. No pneumothorax.
3552.xml, Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.
615.xml, There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusions, or pneumothoraces. Scattered calcified nodules compatible with granulomatous disease. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No masses or suspicious nodules. XXXX are unremarkable.
3048.xml, Normal cardiac contours. Clear lung XXXX bilaterally. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions.
1646.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
855.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.
1858.xml, Borderline enlarged heart size. Atherosclerosis of the aortic XXXX. Calcified subcarinal lymph XXXX. Left anterior chest wall pacemaker/defibrillator. Right apical fibronodular pleural scarring/thickening. Scattered interstitial densities without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. T-spine osteophytes.
2920.xml, The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion. The heart and mediastinum are normal . The skeletal structures and soft tissues are normal.
2491.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation.
1802.xml, The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. The lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The osseous structures are intact.
1268.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. The thoracic aorta is tortuous. Pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. The lungs are well-aerated. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. There is no obvious displaced rib fracture. If there is concern for fracture consider rib series.
2561.xml, Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.
1928.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.
87.xml, No focal airspace disease, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No free subdiaphragmatic air.
1094.xml, No acute osseous abnormality. The soft tissues are within normal limits. Normal appearing cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. Left lower lobe XXXX density XXXX representing atelectasis. No focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax.
3909.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Right chest XXXX tip in the low SVC. Right granulomatous disease. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.
3918.xml, Hyperinflated lungs with mildly flattened posterior diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. No alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. Heart size within normal limits. No pneumothorax.
3703.xml, The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The posterior costophrenic XXXX are excluded on the lateral view. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. The visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
2086.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No visualized pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute bone abnormality.
1568.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are hypoinflated but clear.
3559.xml, Heart size within normal limits. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Mild levocurvature of thoracic spine. A 9 mm pulmonary nodule is noted partially overlying the posterior 6th right rib on the frontal view.
887.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
971.xml, Normal heart size mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. No hyperexpansion of the lungs. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
2885.xml, The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. There is an obliquely oriented XXXX lucency through the posterior right 12th rib.
2617.xml, The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are hyperexpanded. No focal airspace disease. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Exaggerated kyphosis.
2869.xml, The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. Stable S-shaped scoliosis. Cardiac XXXX is intact.
50.xml, A XXXX XXXX lung volumes. Lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. cardiomegaly. Degenerative changes in the spine.
3505.xml, Heart size is normal and the lungs are clear.
2876.xml, There are no focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary opacities. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. There is no evidence of pneumothorax.
1613.xml, Stable appearance of the esophagogastric tube and left PICC. Stable tubing overlying the midabdomen.. Persistent patchy retrocardiac airspace opacity XXXX atelectasis.. Severe stable scoliotic changes of the spine..
713.xml, Central venous catheter tip in the right atrium. Heart size and shape are normal. Trachea and XXXX bronchi appear normal. The lungs are reasonably well expanded. There XXXX and patchy nodular densities in both lower lung XXXX more marked on the right than the left. There is scattered areas of bronchial wall thickening, well-seen in the left upper lobe. There is loss of definition of part of the left heart XXXX. No effusions no pneumothorax.
304.xml, The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. A total of 3 images were obtained. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits allowing for low lung volumes and patient rotation. There is XXXX XXXX atelectasis. No consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Calcified right infrahilar lymph XXXX again seen. Partially visualized lower cervical spine fusion XXXX.
2277.xml, The lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The XXXX are unremarkable.
3778.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.
934.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits of size In appearance. Pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable. There are diffuse, bilateral interstitial opacities, with XXXX B lines demonstrated. Small amount of subpleural edema is demonstrated in the fissures. There is mild blunting of both posterior costophrenic sulci, which may reflect XXXX effusions. Negative for pneumothorax. Limited evaluation reveals the XXXX XXXX the grossly intact.
2205.xml, Heart size is normal. Tortuous aorta. Irregular 1.2 cm opacity in the left upper lung is identified both on PA and lateral views and XXXX represents chronic scarring. She has a partial resection of the posterior fourth rib. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. No focal infiltrate. Anterior wedging of multiple vertebral bodies including T6, T8, T11 and T12.
1520.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. Pulmonary vasculature and XXXX are normal. No consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Postsurgical changes of the cervical spine are present.
3179.xml, The cardiac silhouette measures near upper limits of normal in size. Pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. There is stable eventration of the anterior right hemidiaphragm. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
3357.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
131.xml, There is a calcified granuloma in the right midlung zone. Lungs are otherwise clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal. Surgical clips are present in the right upper quadrant.
3881.xml, The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Right hemidiaphragm remains elevated. No pleural effusion is seen. No pneumothorax is identified. No discrete nodules or adenopathy are noted. Degenerative changes are present in the spine. Right XXXX-a-XXXX has been inserted since the previous study. The tip projects over the lower superior XXXX XXXX.
3802.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. Tortuous aorta with atherosclerotic calcification. Pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. The lungs are well-aerated. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation. There are multiple overlying leads at the level of the left lower chest, with overlying XXXX XXXX or clothing there is this is thought to account for mild increased density the left lung base on AP view, with correlate on lateral view. Degenerative spine.
1304.xml, Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
118.xml, The heart is normal in size and contour. There is focal airspace disease in the right middle lobe. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.
273.xml, Heart size mildly to moderately enlarged. Mild right hemidiaphragm elevation with mild bronchovascular crowding, right greater than left, indistinct vascular margination. No definite focal alveolar consolidation, no pleural effusion XXXX demonstrated.
3177.xml, The lungs are clear. There is hyperinflation of the lungs. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. mild arthritic changes of the spine are present.
3092.xml, Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Levoscoliosis of the thoracolumbar spine is present.
1958.xml, The lungs are hyperaerated suggestive of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. No focal lung consolidation. No pleural effusion. No definite pneumothorax. Heart is not enlarged. Postsurgical changes with mediastinal clips and XXXX XXXX.
359.xml, Heart size is upper limits of normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
3472.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
1220.xml, There is hyperexpansion, hyperlucency of both lungs, as well as flattening of the diaphragm consistent with chronic emphysematous lung disease. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion identified (blunting of costophrenic recesses bilaterally may represent small effusions or pleural thickening/scar. Stable calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph XXXX and a left basilar calcified granuloma. Acute osseous abnormality. The mediastinal silhouette stable.
1889.xml, Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Elevated right hemidiaphragm. XXXX atelectasis in the right lung base. No focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
3985.xml, No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. Calcified granuloma in the anterior left lower lobe. XXXX XXXX are intact.
2857.xml, There are XXXX sternotomy XXXX and mediastinal surgical clips XXXX secondary to a CABG procedure. Small T-spine osteophytes. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. There are cholecystectomy clips. There is eventration of right hemidiaphragm.
343.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. is not diffuse interstitial prominence, which has chronic appearance. Cannot exclude early pulmonary edema. Two airspace consolidation or effusion. XXXX are osteopenic. No visible pneumothorax.
2730.xml, 2 images. Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No convincing acute bony findings.
308.xml, Stable appearing right-sided XXXX the opacities. There is persistent elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. The cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax.
216.xml, The cardiac silhouette is enlarged and has a globular appearance. Mild bibasilar dependent atelectasis. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute bone abnormality.
2262.xml, XXXX right basal airspace opacity. The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The XXXX are intact.
1564.xml, Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours, coronary artery stent artifact, XXXX XXXX and clips suggest CABG. Mediastinal and hilar calcifications XXXX indicate a previous granulomatous process. Stable hyperinflation, bilateral upper lobe pleuroparenchymal near and nodular irregularities, right greater than left, XXXX opacities in the peripheral right lung most compatible with scarring. No XXXX abnormal pulmonary opacities, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Osseous demineralization, stable appearance of T9 and T12 XXXX fractures.
179.xml, No airspace disease, effusion or noncalcified nodule. Normal heart size and mediastinum. Visualized XXXX of the chest XXXX are within normal limits.
3581.xml, Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. Pectus carinatum is noted. Calcified lymph XXXX and granuloma are noted. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Mild XXXX deformity is noted in the lower thoracic spine.
3078.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. Pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. There is a right lower lobe pneumonia. No pleural effusion. No pneumothorax.
2929.xml, The heart is top normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are hypoinflated but grossly clear. Significant degenerative changes of the XXXX are again noted bilaterally.
3232.xml, Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. In the left midlung zone, there has been development of a small lung nodule. This measures approximately 8 mm in diameter.
3167.xml, Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.
3310.xml, No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is normal . XXXX XXXX intact. Chondral cartilages causing XXXX over the anterior lungs on lateral view.
1188.xml, Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
2035.xml, Hyperexpanded lungs suggesting obstructive lung disease. Sequelae of old granulomatous disease. No focal airspace disease. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the spine.
2380.xml, The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. The left hemidiaphragm is elevated. This is unchanged. No focal airspace disease is seen. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is noted. There is eventration of the right hemidiaphragm.
2841.xml, The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.
1528.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. Note is XXXX of an XXXX closure device which appears grossly appropriate The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
2541.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. The thoracic spine appears intact. No acute, displaced rib fractures identified.
368.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute osseous findings.
2593.xml, Mild cardiomegaly is unchanged. Stable superior mediastinal contour which is within normal limits. Bilateral interstitial prominence. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute osseous abnormalities.
7.xml, The cardiac contours are normal. XXXX basilar atelectasis. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. Lower cervical XXXX arthritis.
2582.xml, Low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding. Otherwise, no focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. A dense nodule in the right base suggest a previous granulomatous process. Heart size within normal limits, bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema.
1403.xml, Heart size is normal. Mild XXXX XXXX atelectasis. Lungs are otherwise clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. Normal pulmonary vascularity.
2836.xml, Frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show reduced lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding of basilar atelectasis. No definite focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion. The cardiac silhouette appears mildly enlarged.
1425.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
3337.xml, Chest. Lungs are clear and expanded. Heart size normal. A calcified pleural plaque in the right subpulmonic area has not XXXX since the abdomen CT. Left and right knees. XXXX, XXXX spaces, and soft tissues are normal.
2382.xml, Moderate cardiomegaly with narrowed severe mediastinal contours. Been sternotomy XXXX noted. No pneumothorax. no large pleural effusions. No focal lung consolidation.
817.xml, There are XXXX left upper lobe opacities. Lungs otherwise appear clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is as is within normal limits.
3263.xml, Chest: The heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. The lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The osseous structures are intact. Left knee: There is no fracture-dislocation. There are degenerative changes with medial compartment osteophytes. There is no suprapatellar effusion. There is a XXXX.
1353.xml, There is diffuse right-sided airspace disease, with dense consolidation in the right base. A right upper extremity PICC is seen with the tip in the right brachiocephalic vein, representing an interval retraction of approximately 6 cm. No pneumothorax or large effusions. Heart size within normal limits.
1179.xml, The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. A few bandlike opacities are present on the lateral view which appear to represent small areas of scarring. Surgical clips are present in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.
3016.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.
2316.xml, The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
1867.xml, Cardiomegaly and tortuous calcified thoracic aorta are unchanged. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Minimal streaky bibasilar opacities. Blunted left costophrenic XXXX. Bony demineralization. Degenerative changes of the spine. Verterbroplasty change near the thoracolumbar junction. Upper abdominal surgical changes. Chronic appearing deformity of the proximal right humerus. Old right rib fractures.
1001.xml, Interstitial markings are diffusely prominent throughout both lungs. Heart size is normal. Pulmonary XXXX normal.
3286.xml, Lung volumes are low. The heart is large, the pulmonary XXXX are engorged. No infiltrates. XXXX opacity is present in the left midlung.
2560.xml, The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. There is no focal airspace opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Stable calcified granuloma in the left upper lung. No acute bony abnormality is identified.
282.xml, Mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Heart size is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
2257.xml, No focal areas of consolidation. Heart size normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Degenerative changes thoracic spine.
993.xml, Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
2808.xml, Sequelae of old granulomatous disease. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
3332.xml, The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. Low lung volumes. No focal airspace disease. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.
2348.xml, There is a moderate sized right pleural effusion. Severe slightly smaller than is compared to XXXX. There is a small left pleural effusion. This is unchanged as compared to the prior study. There is a right chest wall venous XXXX XXXX which appears accessed. No pneumothorax. Scaphoid abdomen.
771.xml, Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. No focal infiltrate, pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified.
690.xml, Mediastinal contours are normal. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
2917.xml, Lungs are hyperexpanded. Bullae are present in the upper lobes. No focal infiltrates or masses in the lungs. Heart size normal.
2214.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute bone abnormality.
790.xml, Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. Surgical clips are in the epigastrium of the abdomen.
3182.xml, There is a moderate amount of retained contrast within the distal esophagus. There is no evidence of aspiration. A 3.0 cm nodule is present within the right hilum. No moderate to large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. The pulmonary vasculature is normal.
3235.xml, Heart size is normal. The lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
876.xml, 2 images. Vague density within the lower lung XXXX is secondary to soft tissue overlap. Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No convincing acute bony findings.
1485.xml, Again seen are platelike horizontal opacities in both lung bases through this is consistent with scarring or subsegmental atelectasis. There are T-spine osteophytes. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There there is no lobar pneumonia. There are calcified right hilar granuloma. There are degenerative changes of the XXXX. There is a curvilinear density within and along the right costophrenic sulcus which most XXXX represents a skinfold. There is a unchanged fracture with callus at the left 9th lateral rib.
750.xml, The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. Mild degenerative change is seen within the midthoracic spine. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
865.xml, Cardiac silhouette is normal in size. Normal mediastinal contour and pulmonary vasculature. The lungs are without focal airspace consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces.
3079.xml, The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. Multilevel degenerative changes are seen throughout the thoracic spine. XXXX anchors XXXX over the left humeral head. There is mild bilateral acromioclavicular joint osteoarthritis. Visualized upper abdomen is grossly unremarkable in appearance.
27.xml, Lungs are overall hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms. No focal consolidation. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
959.xml, The heart and mediastinal contours are stable. There is minimal patchy right lower lobe airspace disease identified. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
3172.xml, Trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no evidence of tuberculous disease. There is no pneumothorax. There is dextroscoliosis of the lower thoracic spine.
2098.xml, The heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. There is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic XXXX blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. Bony structures are within normal limits.
1594.xml, The heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal in size and shape. There is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The osseous structures are intact.
494.xml, Heart size within normal limits. Mediastinal contours unremarkable. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Right lung is clear. XXXX opacities left lung base may represent atelectasis versus scarring. No focal consolidation. No pleural effusion, no pneumothorax. Bony structures unremarkable.
886.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.
435.xml, Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. Bony structures are intact.
3064.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. There is patchy airspace disease in the right lower lobe. The lungs are otherwise grossly clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
3487.xml, The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. .
1585.xml, Sternotomy XXXX and mediastinal clips are unchanged. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged. Pulmonary vasculature and XXXX are unchanged. No XXXX consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Osseous structures and soft tissues are unchanged.
805.xml, The lungs are clear. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. Mild degenerative changes of the spine.
3938.xml, Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
2016.xml, The lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The XXXX are unremarkable.
1521.xml, Three images are available for review. The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
565.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
1632.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
3420.xml, Clear lungs. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
2279.xml, Heart size is enlarged. The aorta is unfolded. Otherwise the mediastinal contour is normal. There are streaky bibasilar opacities. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
1295.xml, Low lung volumes are present. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Mild degenerative changes are present in the spine.
1757.xml, The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
2245.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Bony thorax is unremarkable.
2616.xml, Frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. The right costophrenic sulcus is blunted. There is an the right base XXXX/fluid level. The left lung is clear.
3924.xml, Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Atherosclerotic calcifications about the aortic XXXX. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Dextroconvex scoliotic curvature of the thoracic spine.
1822.xml, The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. No focal air space disease. Prominent hilar XXXX. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.
60.xml, Stable appearance of hiatal hernia. Clear right lung XXXX.In the left superior lower lobe there is a 1.9 x 1.8 cm round area of density which has increased in size compared to prior chest radiograph and recommend a XXXX chest, abdomen and pelvis with contrast as this area is suspicious for potential malignancy. Normal cardiac contour. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
1527.xml, Heart size slightly upper normal. Atherosclerotic calcifications within the aorta.. Lungs are hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms consistent with emphysematous change. No focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Degenerative changes of the spine are noted.
3835.xml, Lungs are clear bilaterally. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. There is widening adjacent to the right paratracheal stripe, most XXXX represents the SVC with rotated position. XXXX are unremarkable.
3586.xml, The heart is mildly enlarged. The mediastinal contours are stable. The lungs are clear.
2907.xml, There is stable thick biapical scarring/pleural thickening. There is XXXX patchy airspace disease in the right upper lobe along the XXXX fissure. The lungs are hyperexpanded with COPD. Increasing large left pleural effusion with increased airspace opacity in the left lung base. There has been interval increase in size of a 4.9 cm masslike opacity in the periphery of the left lung base, which is not definitely identified on the lateral XXXX. XXXX sternotomy XXXX, mediastinal clips and prosthetic heart valve appear unchanged. No pneumothorax.
2888.xml, Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Descending thoracic aorta is tortuous. Lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.
2720.xml, Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
3269.xml, Heart size within normal limits. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour. Lungs are clear bilaterally. No focal consolidations. No pleural effusions. Bony structures are intact.
1112.xml, There is widening of the mediastinum. There is moderate cardiomegaly identified. The central pulmonary XXXX appear enlarged. Correlate for pulmonary vascular congestion. No focal infiltrate. No large effusion or pneumothorax.
1045.xml, Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. No alveolar consolidation, no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema. Chronic appearing contour deformity of the right posterolateral 7th rib again noted suggestive of old injury.
1656.xml, The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax.
3761.xml, Heart size is mildly enlarged. Tortuous aorta. Lungs are normally inflated and clear. Mild degenerative changes of the spine.
3477.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. No evidence of active tuberculosis.
2957.xml, The heart is mildly enlarged. Pulmonary vascularity is increased. There is again mild elevation of the right hemidiaphragm. Air space disease and/or atelectasis is noted in right lung base. There is also XXXX streaky opacity in the left base. The costophrenic XXXX are blunted.
113.xml, The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. There are two subcentimeter hyperdense nodular opacities are noted within the right lung. These may represent XXXX on end or alternatively, calcified granulomas. The lungs are clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.
1571.xml, The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Left pleural effusion is present. A mass density is present in the left midlung zone. This measures approximately 3.2 cm in diameter. Air-fluid level is present behind the heart which probably represents a hiatal hernia. Some XXXX of right lung atelectasis are noted. Osteopenia and XXXX deformities are present in the spine. Multiple surgical clips are noted. No pneumothorax is seen.
253.xml, Redemonstration of moderate left pneumothorax which is unchanged from comparison. Left pleural catheter is again seen overlying the left upper lung at the level of the left 5th and 6th ribs. No focal consolidation. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal.
1815.xml, There is no focal consolidation. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. The heart size is within normal limits. There are mild thoracic spine degenerative changes.
1821.xml, The heart and mediastinum are normal in size and contour. There is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There are degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
71.xml, The heart is upper limits of normal in size. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.
2072.xml, Stable, nonenlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Left upper lobe calcified granuloma noted. Epigastric and right upper quadrant postsurgical changes. Interval increased bilateral interstitial opacities, with probable left lower lobe infiltrate.
918.xml, Heart size is normal. The lungs are clear. There are no focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The hilar and mediastinal contours are normal. Normal pulmonary vascularity.
1150.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
2217.xml, Heart size borderline enlarged, mediastinal contours appear similar to the XXXX from XXXX, XXXX XXXX noted. Right hemidiaphragm eventration. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.
1922.xml, Heart XXXX, mediastinum, XXXX, bony structures and lung XXXX are unremarkable.
3546.xml, Unchanged cardiomegaly. There is continued interstitial prominence bilaterally. Unchanged vascular appearance. There is patchy retrocardiac opacity. Negative for pneumothorax.
960.xml, No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Heart size within normal limits for technique, no mediastinal widening seen. No acute osseous injury XXXX demonstrated. Dextroscoliosis noted.
3997.xml, Heart size within normal limits. Small, nodular opacity in the right upper lobe. This does not look like an acute infiltrate, and more XXXX represents a granuloma. No pneumothorax or effusions.
3579.xml, Interval resolution of the left pleural effusion. Lungs are grossly clear. Postsurgical changes from CABG are noted. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormalities are visualized.
105.xml, Heart size within normal limits. Stable position of left subclavian central venous catheter. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax. Mild blunting of the costophrenic XXXX bilaterally.
531.xml, Right thorax volume loss with some degree of left-to-right mediastinal shift. Relative hyperlucency of left lung, XXXX compensatory hyperinflation. Diminutive right hilar silhouette, compatible with absence of right XXXX pulmonary artery, as noted on prior CT. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute displaced rib fracture.
903.xml, There is interstitial thickening bilaterally, more prominent in the bases. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and appearance. There is hyperexpansion. No XXXX infiltrates. Two bullae are seen in the right upper lung. Small calcified granuloma stable from prior exam.
55.xml, Lung lines remain low. However, no focal infiltrates are identified. Heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal.
1994.xml, Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Normal heart and mediastinal contours. Normal pulmonary vasculature. Bony thorax intact.
1824.xml, Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
446.xml, The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.
2324.xml, The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
2575.xml, The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. There are endplate changes within the spine.
1515.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. The thoracic spine appears intact.
1276.xml, The heart is normal size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. Calcific granulomas are present in the right upper lobe. The XXXX are unremarkable.
3311.xml, The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion. The heart and mediastinum are normal as are the skeletal structures and soft tissues.
3446.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.
2097.xml, The trachea is midline. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no abnormalities.
1734.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
1959.xml, Normal heart size. Normal mediastinal silhouette. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or suspicious focal air space opacity. Prior granulomatous disease appears stable.
1459.xml, No stable cardiomegaly, without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Stable right basilar calcified granuloma. No acute osseous abnormality identified.
3827.xml, No focal lung consolidation. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Osseous structures are grossly intact.
1250.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Large bilateral hilar calcified lymph XXXX/granulomas. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
1750.xml, The heart size is within normal limits. After cirrhotic calcification of the thoracic aorta. Hyperexpanded lungs with flattened diaphragms and increased retrosternal clear space suggestive of emphysema. Streaky left basilar opacities are favored to represent scarring. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Exaggerated thoracic kyphosis. Scattered calcified granulomas bilaterally. No acute bony abnormalities.
2131.xml, The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear, without evidence of focal consolidations or pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
1851.xml, Heart size is normal. No focal airspace consolidations. No pneumothorax or effusion. No acute osseous findings.
554.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality.
1617.xml, The cardiac contours are normal. Calcified tortuous thoracic aorta. Emphysema. Mild apical scarring. The lungs are otherwise clear. Thoracic spondylosis.
1116.xml, Cardiac size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The visualized osseous structures appear intact. XXXX and curvilinear XXXX densities over the breast shadows compatible with piercings.
511.xml, Hyperaerated lungs with flattened hemidiaphragms. Normal heart size. Increased retrosternal airspace. No focal infiltrate. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
1823.xml, Chest. Heart size is normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. There is a 13 mm nodule in the right lower lobe that is relatively dense, but not obviously calcified on the corresponding rib series. There are probably right hilar calcified lymph XXXX. Lungs otherwise are clear. There is no pleural effusion. Left ribs. No fracture or focal bony destruction.
1600.xml, The lungs are clear. There is no focal airspace consolidation.  No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is at the upper limits of  normal. Thoracic aorta is mildly ectatic, stable. Old right clavicular fracture is again noted.
2458.xml, Heart size within normal limits. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Mild degenerative changes thoracic spine.
2962.xml, Stable mild thoracic levoscoliosis. Stable cardiomegaly. Multiple scattered round calcific densities XXXX represent old granulomatous disease. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No focal consolidation. Moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
3224.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality.
3577.xml, There are no focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary opacities. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Osseous structures intact.
570.xml, Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or effusions.
3171.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
3054.xml, The patient is status post CABG. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Degenerative changes are present in the spine. Ureteral stents are noted on the right.
301.xml, Normal cardiomediastinal contours. Clear lungs bilaterally. No pneumothorax or large effusion.
2342.xml, The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. Calcified right upper lobe nodule with a granuloma is again seen but unchanged. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. The visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
62.xml, Status post XXXX sternotomy and CABG. Heart size is normal. Coronary vascular stent. The lungs are clear. There are no focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The hilar and mediastinal contours are stable. Calcified mediastinal lymph XXXX. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Degenerative changes of the spine.
1718.xml, Increased interstitial opacities non-specific. Question edema or atypical infection?
1538.xml, Normal heart size is prominent left ventricular contour. Unfolding of the thoracic aorta. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable appearance.
3415.xml, No acute osseous abnormality. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Stable normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. Prominence of superior mediastinal, XXXX superimposed structures. No focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Mild bibasilar atelectasis.
547.xml, The lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There are degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
2335.xml, The heart size is normal. There is normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. Lungs are clear bilaterally. Thoracic spine shows anterior osteophyte formation.
3710.xml, No focal consolidation. No visualized pneumothorax. The heart size and cardia mediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable. No large effusions.
3504.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
618.xml, The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is no pulmonary nodule identified. There is a left humerus prosthesis partly demonstrated.
3163.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.
1197.xml, XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. Aortic XXXX appear unremarkable. Lungs demonstrate no acute findings. There is no effusion or pneumothorax. Bilateral prominent lung vascularity medially, unchanged.
2135.xml, There is no focal consolidation. Mild blunting of the posterior costophrenic XXXX XXXX represent small effusions. No pneumothorax is present. There is moderate cardiomegaly. The pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits.
775.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
3323.xml, Heart size is within normal limits. Aorta appears tortuous and ectatic, unchanged from comparison exam. There is a stable dual XXXX ICD/pacemaker. No focal consolidation, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is seen. Visualized osseous structures are grossly intact.
1830.xml, Left anterior chest wall pacemaker/defibrillator. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Exaggerated thoracic kyphosis. Spurring of thoracic spine.
957.xml, The heart size is normal. The lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The osseous structures are intact. There are degenerative changes within the XXXX bilaterally and left acromioclavicular joint. XXXX XXXX in the soft tissues of the right upper extremity.
1357.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardiomegaly is noted and is stable compared to prior examination from XXXX. Stable right basilar calcified granuloma. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
872.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.
283.xml, The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pleural effusion is identified.
442.xml, The lungs remain hyperexpanded. No XXXX infiltrates or masses. Heart and mediastinum are normal.
2309.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Multiple small calcified bilateral hilar nodules XXXX sequela of prior granulomatous disease. Radiopaque contrast from recent esophagram projects over the left upper abdomen.
2065.xml, Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. No focal airspace consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Changes of right mastectomy. Sequelae of prior granulomatous disease. Mild thoracic spine degenerative change
1837.xml, The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.
1836.xml, The heart is top normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Aorta is tortuous and atherosclerotic. Lungs are mildly hypoinflated. No acute infiltrate is seen.
3296.xml, The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. Calcified left hilar node.
3709.xml, The mediastinal silhouette is widened with overlying sternotomy XXXX. The heart size is normal. The lungs are clear without evidence of effusion, infiltrate or pneumothorax. Visualized bony structures are intact with no acute abnormalities.
8.xml, The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is an interim XXXX cervical spinal fusion partly evaluated.
1223.xml, The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. XXXX XXXX foreign body is noted in the soft tissues of the left chest wall.
65.xml, The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. Deformity of the right clavicle related to remote XXXX is again seen. Visualized upper abdomen grossly unremarkable.
3830.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.
1287.xml, Sequelae of old granulomatous disease. No suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
3236.xml, The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
841.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Left upper extremity PIC catheter tip overlies the distal aspect of the left clavicle XXXX within the subclavian vein. There is no pneumothorax. The lungs are mildly hyperinflated but clear. Deformity of the lateral left 6th rib, XXXX old injury.
2960.xml, Normal cardiac contours. Clear lung XXXX bilaterally. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
104.xml, There are minimal XXXX left basilar opacities, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. There is no focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is at the upper limits of normal. Cardiac defibrillator XXXX overlies the right ventricle. The XXXX appears intact. There is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. Calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph XXXX are consistent with prior granulomatous disease. Multiple calcified splenic granulomas are also noted. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
1794.xml, No focal lung consolidation. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Osseous structures are grossly intact.
606.xml, XXXX sternotomy XXXX are in XXXX and intact. Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. The bilateral costophrenic XXXX are excluded from the image on the PA view. Lungs are clear without focal areas of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. XXXX XXXX are intact without acute osseous abnormality. Mild degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine.
345.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute osseous findings. XXXX degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
1155.xml, Stable scoliosis XXXX. The lungs are clear. Heart size normal. No pneumothorax.
1659.xml, Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax, no pleural effusion. No displaced rib fractures.
2733.xml, Bibasilar airspace opacities, right greater than left. The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The XXXX are intact.
2334.xml, No acute osseous abnormality. Scattered degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine. Stable normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. Scattered bilateral granulomas. Patchy left basal airspace opacity. Bilateral small effusions.
116.xml, Stable postsurgical changes. Heart XXXX, mediastinum and lung XXXX are unremarkable. Stable calcified small granuloma in left base.
199.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. XXXX XXXX opacities in the left lung base are compatible with scarring. The lungs are otherwise clear.
949.xml, PA and lateral views the chest were obtained. The cardiac silhouette is normal in size and configuration. Calcified right hilar lymph XXXX. There is focal contour abnormality of the level of the inferior posterior mediastinum, may reflect focal aneurysm of the descending thoracic aorta. The lungs are well aerated. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation.
2273.xml, Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
454.xml, There is stable mild cardiac enlargement. Lungs are clear. There is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic XXXX blunting to suggest large pleural effusion. Bony structures are within normal limits.
1872.xml, No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Clear lungs bilaterally. Normal cardiac contours. Multiple anterior endplate osteophyte formation along thoracic spine.
1832.xml, Interval removal of cardiac XXXX generator. Cardiomegaly. Left base streaky opacities again noted. No large focal areas of consolidation. No pleural effusions. Osseous structures intact. No pneumothorax.
785.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
1554.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. Multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine are noted.
1740.xml, Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. There is XXXX airspace opacity in the mid right lung radiating from the right hilum to the pleura and bordered inferiorly by the fissures. The XXXX fissure is convex upward. There is right base patchy airspace opacity. This appears chronic and may be due to scarring. There is no significant pleural effusion.
3566.xml, Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Low lung volumes mild bibasilar atelectasis. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance. The lateral views are limited by patient positioning and motion. Large cervical spine osteophytes.
2169.xml, The lungs are hyperexpanded. There is a large rounded lucency in the right upper lung, XXXX large emphysematous XXXX. There are XXXX biapical opacities, XXXX scarring. No focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia. There is no pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. Normal heart size. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
2387.xml, Heart size is upper limits of normal for AP projection. Mediastinal contours and pulmonary vasculature are unremarkable. The patient's chin obscures the bilateral lung apices. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No displaced rib fractures are seen. There are moderate degenerative changes along the thoracic spine.
1747.xml, There is an ovoid opacity 3.5 cm in the retrocardiac area on AP view, not well-seen on the lateral view, a dedicated XXXX scan is recommended. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion present. The heart is normal in size. No hilar lymphadenopathy. No destructive bony lesions.
2997.xml, Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Bony thorax and soft tissues unremarkable.
1050.xml, Technically limited study secondary to patient XXXX. Decreased lung volumes with associated bronchopulmonary crowding without evidence of focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.
594.xml, There are T-spine osteophytes. There calcified costochondral cartilages. There is loss of disc XXXX of a midthoracic vertebral body. There are streaky opacities in both lung bases which may represent atelectasis or scarring. No pneumothorax. The heart is borderline enlarged.
1998.xml, There is a large hiatal hernia. The stomach is distended with an air-fluid level. This was incompletely demonstrated on the CT of the abdomen and pelvis. Heart is XXXX within normal limits. There is mild atelectatic change draped over the hernia sac. The lungs are otherwise grossly clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Heart size is XXXX within normal limits.
580.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic XXXX are noted. The lungs are clear.
133.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.
3430.xml, Heart size mildly to moderately enlarged, distal tip dual-lumen catheter near the caval atrial junction. Mild vascular cephalization, no definite interstitial changes of pulmonary edema, no focal alveolar consolidation. No pleural effusion XXXX demonstrated.
2845.xml, Lungs are clear. Heart size normal. The XXXX are unremarkable.
3733.xml, Heart size is enlarged. Cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged since previous exam. There is blunting of the right costophrenic XXXX XXXX old pleural scar. Lungs are otherwise clear bilaterally. A left upper lobe granuloma appears unchanged. There is kyphosis of the thoracic spine with anterior osteophyte formations. Aortic ectasia is seen in the ascending aorta and the XXXX.
3676.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette appears irregular secondary to the diffuse bilateral pulmonary interstitial disease. The thoracic aorta is tortuous. Calcified lymph XXXX are demonstrated in the left hilum. No focal pulmonary consolidation. Diffuse increased bilateral pulmonary interstitial markings, consistent with the patient's history of known pulmonary fibrosis, with relative sparing of the bilateral lung apices. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion demonstrated. The thoracic spine appears intact.
461.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. Pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. The lungs are well-aerated. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation.
3363.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. The lungs are grossly clear. XXXX XXXX opacities in the lung bases. There are XXXX fragments overlying the posterior left chest, right neck base and XXXX fragments in the left costophrenic XXXX. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
2471.xml, The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal and unchanged compared to prior examination. Lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
3142.xml, There is stable mild cardiomegaly without significant pulmonary vascular congestion. They're stable tortuosity of the aorta. There is no acute pulmonary consolidation, large effusion or pneumothorax.
1098.xml, The lungs are hyperinflated with coarse interstitial markings compatible with obstructive pulmonary disease and emphysema. There is chronic pleural-parenchymal scarring within the lung bases. No lobar consolidation is seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is normal.
1688.xml, Heart size is normal and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. Lungs are otherwise clear bilaterally without effusion or pneumothorax. Bony structures and soft tissues are unremarkable.
3617.xml, The cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is no focal opacity. There is no pneumothorax. There is no large pleural effusion.
767.xml, Heart and mediastinum within normal limits. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality. No lymphadenopathy.
965.xml, The lungs appear clear. Heart and pulmonary XXXX appear normal. Mediastinal contours are normal. Pleural spaces are clear. There appears to the contrast XXXX within small colonic diverticula in the splenic flexure region.
15.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Evidence of prior granulomatous disease. No acute osseous findings.
2988.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration. Pulmonary vasculature within normal limits. The lungs are well-aerated. There is no pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal consolidation.
1356.xml, Normal heart size. Normal mediastinal contour. No pneumothorax, airspace consolidation, or pleural effusion. No chest XXXX XXXX. No acute bony abnormality.
3598.xml, Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. XXXX convexity also present on the previous exam.
1893.xml, Mildly low lung volumes. Lungs are clear without focal air space disease. Persistent mild elevation right hemidiaphragm. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the spine.
3445.xml, No gross consolidation, atelectasis or infiltrate. No pleural fluid collection or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX XXXX is intact.
1555.xml, XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. There is elevated right hemidiaphragm and evidence of right upper lobectomy. Lungs demonstrate no acute findings. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.
2066.xml, There is mild cardiomegaly. The aorta is tortuous. There is XXXX opacities noted in the right lower lobe, XXXX subsegmental atelectasis. There is no pneumothorax or effusion. No displaced rib fractures. If there is high clinical concern, consider dedicated rib views for further evaluation.
257.xml, Midline sternotomy XXXX identified. Heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are grossly normal. Airspace opacity in posterior segment on the lateral view. Osseous structures are grossly intact.
3059.xml, Lungs are clear bilaterally. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX are unremarkable.
1335.xml, XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette is normal in size and contour. Aortic XXXX appear unremarkable. Lungs demonstrate no acute findings. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.
1059.xml, Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with tortuous aorta. Prior granulomatous disease. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Stable retrocardiac airspace opacity.
2225.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
167.xml, Both lungs are clear and expanded. An old calcified granuloma is present in the left upper lobe. Heart and mediastinum normal.
22.xml, The lungs are clear, and without focal air space opacity. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. There is no pneumothorax large pleural effusion.
2323.xml, Lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute bony or soft tissue abnormality.
2976.xml, Heart size and vascularity normal. Lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. Mediastinal contour normal. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
3502.xml, There has been interval performance of CABG with multiple XXXX sternotomy XXXX, surgical clips, and CABG markers. All of the XXXX sternotomy XXXX are broken, and a fragment at a sternotomy XXXX appears to XXXX within the left posterior pleural space. Stable cardiomegaly and central pulmonary vascular prominence. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or effusion. Relative elevation of the left hemidiaphragm noted. No acute bony abnormality.
3708.xml, Lung volumes are decreased from XXXX, and there is resultant bronchovascular crowding. No evidence of focal airspace disease. No definite pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits given the low lung volumes. No free subdiaphragmatic air. Grossly stable mild degenerative changes of the right lower thoracic spine.
624.xml, The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms and tapering of the distal pulmonary vasculature. There is no focal consolidation. Thoracic spondylosis. Mild dextroscoliosis of the spine. Prior anterior cervical fusion.
3192.xml, The heart is normal in size. Mild fullness of the left hilum, small interval change from prior exam. Lucencies throughout the chest XXXX representing emphysematous change. Scattered bilateral calcified granulomas. No pneumothorax. Large hiatal hernia, increased from prior exam.
874.xml, There is mild hyperinflation. There is no focal consolidation. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. The heart size is within normal limits. cardiac XXXX generator overlies the left upper thorax with XXXX XXXX tips overlying the right atrium and ventricles.
1.xml, The cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. There is no pulmonary edema. There is no focal consolidation. There are no XXXX of a pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pneumothorax.
1800.xml, Lungs are hyperexpanded bilaterally, with no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX are unremarkable.
3409.xml, The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear, without evidence of focal acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
2359.xml, Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. The cardiac silhouette remains moderately enlarged. There is no focal airspace consolidation. There is no visible pneumothorax. The left costophrenic sulcus is blunted. However, no retrocardiac pleural fluid collection is seen on the lateral view. The right acromioclavicular joint is mildly widened with respect to the left. This is XXXX-XXXX and may be due to left XXXX XXXX osteoarthritis or a remote right XXXX XXXX mild XXXX.
2112.xml, There is 1.9 cm interruption of the tunneled left central venous catheter, at the level of the overlap of the clavicle and first rib. Catheter tip may be within the proximal SVC or azygos vein. Normal heart size. XXXX left perihilar and midlung densities. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
3845.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
1454.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.
880.xml, The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.
399.xml, Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.
2109.xml, Low lung volumes are present. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Surgical clips are present in the abdomen.
1076.xml, There is opacity at posterior aspect of lower chest seen on lateral view which probably represents left lower lobe consolidation. There may also be small bilateral pleural effusion. Upper limits of normal heart size. Mild central vascular prominence. Old fracture deformities of multiple right ribs.
816.xml, XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. Cardiac pacemaker leads are within right atrium and ventricle. There is stable XXXX tube. Lungs demonstrate left lower lobe of he states he may be atelectasis or pneumonia. There is small left-sided effusion. No pneumothorax.
1305.xml, Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
578.xml, Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours. The lungs are clear without focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Findings compatible with prior granulomatous disease. The visualized XXXX XXXX are intact without acute osseous abnormality.
3847.xml, Both lungs remain hyperexpanded. No XXXX focal infiltrates. A small pleural or collection is XXXX present in the right apex. However, it has decreased considerably since the previous examination. Heart size remains normal.
1903.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. The lungs are clear.
958.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
2408.xml, Cardiomediastinal contour stable and within normal limits. Changes of prior CABG again noted. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Streaky bibasilar opacities decreased from previous, possibly subsegmental atelectasis and/or scar. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion demonstrated. Redemonstrated severe L1 XXXX fracture. Slight interval increase in XXXX loss of T11 and there is XXXX mild to moderate anterior XXXX loss of T10. Degenerative changes of the spine. Abdominal aortic stent.
1941.xml, Stable right chest wall pacemaker with leads overlie the right atrium and right ventricle. Stable cardiomegaly. Calcified thoracic aorta is unchanged. Stable mild interstitial opacities. Unchanged dense retrocardiac opacities. No pneumothorax or large effusion.
2519.xml, There is mild cardiomegaly, similar to prior exams. No focal consolidation. No visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
2540.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
3982.xml, Normal heart size. No focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or pulmonary edema. No focal bony abnormality.
1177.xml, Normal heart. Clear lungs. Trachea midline. Scoliosis of lower thoracic spine. Degenerative changes of thoracic spine.
994.xml, The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
1041.xml, Lucency crosses the 10th left posterior rib. Visualized portions of the thoracic spine are unremarkable. Mediastinal contours are normal. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
3440.xml, Mild dextroscoliosis of the lower thoracic spine. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal in size and appearance. Pulmonary vascular is unremarkable. Lungs are expanded and clear airspace disease. Negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Limited evaluation of the XXXX XXXX to be grossly intact
377.xml, Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.
2218.xml, The opacity at the left lung base appears stable from prior exam. There is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm is stable. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is enlarged but unchanged. XXXX sternotomy XXXX are again noted. There is a large amount of XXXX distending the stomach, which incidentally was also seen on prior exam of 3 years ago. There is no pneumothorax.
2761.xml, Stable, normal cardiac size, mediastinum, and central pulmonary vasculature. Interval development of mild patchy airspace opacities within the posterior aspect of the right upper lobe, concerning for underlying pneumonia. Stable mild background chronic interstitial changes. No evidence of associated pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Multilevel midthoracic degenerative changes, with prominent anterolateral marginal osteophytes.
2676.xml, Nasogastric tube tip XXXX within the stomach body, stable. Low lung volumes. Stable enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Atherosclerosis of the thoracic aorta. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Relative elevation of right hemidiaphragm. Stable obscuration of lateral left diaphragm.
3664.xml, There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Soft tissue structures are within normal limits. Normal heart size and hilar vascular markings. The lungs are clear without focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, pneumothorax.
792.xml, The lungs appear clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. The pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal.
2675.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is within normal limits. Small calcified lymph XXXX are seen. The lungs are clear.
302.xml, Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Mild spine curvature again noted.
3969.xml, The lungs hyperexpanded suggesting emphysema. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Osteopenia and degenerative changes are present in the spine.
2931.xml, The trachea is midline. The heart size is normal. XXXX opacities are seen in the left lower lobe and left costodiaphragmatic XXXX, which could represent scarring or atelectasis. There is no pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.
2209.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Emphysematous changes are identified. The lungs are otherwise grossly clear.
1288.xml, PA and lateral views the chest were obtained. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. Prominent bilateral pericardial fat pads. The lungs are well aerated. There is minimal patchy and XXXX air space opacity within the lingula favored as atelectasis.
857.xml, The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
1660.xml, There are low lung volumes. The lungs are otherwise clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax.
2507.xml, There is bibasilar airspace disease. Cardiac silhouette is within normal limits and stable. There is blunting of the right costophrenic XXXX unchanged XXXX scarring. No pneumothorax.
2057.xml, There is a left sided cardiac defibrillator. Leads overlie the right atrium, right ventricle, and left lateral coronary vein. The leads appear intact. Heart size is within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax. Lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. There are persistent mild bibasilar interstitial opacities. There is left mid lung subsegmental atelectasis. No pleural effusion. There are degenerative changes of the spine.
1879.xml, Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace disease. No cavitations. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
1475.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Vague nodular density right upper lobe overlying the right anterior 2nd and posterior 6th ribs. This could represent healing fracture or superimposed structures. Bony thorax is unremarkable.
2409.xml, Frontal and lateral views. The cardiac silhouette is on the upper limits normal for size. Interstitial opacities are persistent at both lung bases. Calcified granulomas are also identified. XXXX compared to the previous CT scan, there has been no significant interval change. No developing airspace opacity, or pneumothorax.
1870.xml, There is marked cardiomegaly. There is questionable dilation of the pulmonary arteries. Low lung volumes. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Prominent interstitial markings are XXXX due to low lung volumes. Elevated right hemidiaphragm.
1078.xml, The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal.
3883.xml, No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. XXXX XXXX are intact.
2290.xml, There are no focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary opacities. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Osseous structures are intact.
1582.xml, Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
1231.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Left subclavian central catheter tip in distal SVC. No pneumothorax. The lungs are clear.
2533.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouette and central pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no focal air space opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No acute bony abnormality is demonstrated.
3680.xml, The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. Streaky bibasilar opacities, XXXX atelectasis. Vague opacity in the right midlung. Scattered calcified granulomas. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.
3147.xml, The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
2201.xml, Bilateral calcified granulomas stable compared to prior examination, without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion identified. Cardiomediastinal silhouette stable and unremarkable. No acute osseous abnormality identified.
1118.xml, The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
380.xml, The XXXX examination consists of supine and crosstable lateral radiographs of the chest. External monitor leads XXXX the thorax. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. The visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
956.xml, Status post posterior spinal fusion with stable appearance of the orthopedic XXXX. Pectus carinatum. Stable mild cardiomegaly and increased lung vascularity. Clear lungs.
3557.xml, Left PICC line and NG tube remain in XXXX. Heart size and vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. Small bilateral pleural effusions are present. No pneumothorax is noted.
2659.xml, No focal lung consolidation. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. Osseous structures are grossly intact.
135.xml, The lungs are grossly clear without focal pneumonic consolidation, large effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is within normal limits.
2952.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are mildly hypoinflated but grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
2000.xml, The heart is normal in size and contour. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.
2981.xml, Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Mild dextro curvature of the lower thoracic spine, this may be positional. Visualized bony structures are otherwise unremarkable.
1712.xml, Normal cardiac contours. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Bilateral lower lobe bronchial thickening consistent with bronchitis.
1919.xml, Hyperexpansion of the lungs with hyperlucency and flattening of hemidiaphragms suggestive of chronic emphysematous lung disease. Heart size within normal limits. Bibasilar, right greater than left atelectasis/airspace disease noted. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.
1997.xml, Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
1018.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation. There are small calcified granulomata in the right lateral lung.
1901.xml, The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. There has been interval CABG. Surgical clips are again seen in the epigastric region. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. The visualized osseous structures are unremarkable.
2740.xml, The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The lungs are clear, without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities. Lateral view reveals degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
3647.xml, Lungs are clear. Heart is normal size. Trachea is midline. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion.
714.xml, Stable scarring near the right lung apex along the lateral aspect. Lungs are otherwise clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour. Degenerative changes in the spine.
195.xml, Clear lungs bilaterally. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Normal cardiac contours
2391.xml, Lungs are clear without focal infiltrates. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Normal heart size. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Bony thorax intact.
2774.xml, The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size is mildly enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
1960.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.
3805.xml, The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.
911.xml, Heart size within normal limits and cardiomediastinal contours are normal. Lungs are clear bilaterally. No focal consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Bony structures and soft tissues are unremarkable.
1153.xml, No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. XXXX XXXX are intact.
2393.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are hyperexpanded but clear. Biapical scarring noted. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
2378.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Stable left lower lobe calcified granuloma. Remote left clavicle fracture.
3340.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Atherosclerosis of the aortic XXXX. Minimal XXXX densities, left lung base. Hyperexpanded lungs. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality.
346.xml, Frontal (on two cassettes) and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. No XXXX focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
3565.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. There is redemonstration of complete opacification of the right middle lobe no significant associated volume loss. The left lung appears clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion demonstrated. The thoracic spine appears intact.
782.xml, Frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. No XXXX focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
2646.xml, No focal airspace disease, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. There are prominent lateral osteophytes along the right aspect of the mid thoracic spine which are stable. No free subdiaphragmatic air.
1728.xml, The cardiac silhouette mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax. There is no large pleural effusion. There is no focal opacity.
3212.xml, Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Bony thorax grossly unremarkable.
692.xml, The lungs are clear. There are calcified granulomas. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. There are endplate changes in the spine.
3355.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits. Lungs are hyperexpanded. Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Bony thorax is unremarkable.
2862.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
3933.xml, The heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusions. No focal airspace opacities.
3094.xml, Heart size is normal. Lungs are clear. Low lung volumes. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
2547.xml, Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. There is interval improvement in the right lower lobe airspace disease. There is XXXX mild air space opacity in that distribution. No XXXX airspace disease. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
288.xml, Heart size appears within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature appears within normal limits. Radiodensity overlying the middle cardiac silhouette, XXXX representing a hiatal hernia. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality.
1936.xml, A right internal jugular XXXX this catheter has been exchanged for a large XXXX left internal jugular central venous catheter with the tip at the cavoatrial junction. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Stable thoracolumbar scoliosis. No acute bone findings. Stable cardiomegaly.
1109.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.
12.xml, Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.
708.xml, No pleural effusion, pneumothorax or focal airspace opacities. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. The trachea is midline. No free subdiaphragmatic air. The included osseous structures are grossly intact.
3539.xml, Normal heart size. The lungs are clear without pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The trachea is midline and XXXX.
3181.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.
666.xml, The heart is mildly enlarged. The aorta is atherosclerotic and ectatic. Chronic parenchymal changes are noted with mild scarring and/or subsegmental atelectasis in the right lung base. No focal consolidation or significant pleural effusion identified. Costophrenic XXXX are blunted.
3051.xml, Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. Bony structures are intact.
275.xml, Lungs are clear bilaterally. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX are unremarkable.
2653.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
1102.xml, There is stable cardiomegaly with XXXX pulmonary vascular congestion and probable mild interstitial edema. There are bilateral pleural effusions with bibasilar airspace disease, right greater than left. There is no pneumothorax. There are no acute bony findings.
2357.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute osseous findings.
3208.xml, The lungs are clear. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Normal heart size and mediastinal contour.
3912.xml, Examination is somewhat limited, the costophrenic XXXX and posterior costophrenic sulci are excluded. Patient is rotated to the right. Heart size upper limits normal, but stable. Mediastinal contour is grossly unremarkable. Lung parenchyma is clear, no focal airspace consolidation. No large effusion, no visible pneumothorax within the limits of the study.
1544.xml, Normal heart. Clear lungs. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion.
458.xml, The lungs are clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal. The pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal. Bony overlap in the lung apices could obscure a small pulmonary nodule.
2902.xml, The cardiac silhouette, upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no acute air space infiltrate, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The visualized osseous structures are intact.
2372.xml, Low lung volumes are present. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Bandlike opacities are present in the right lung. Appearance suggest atelectasis. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.
1334.xml, Mediastinal contours are normal. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
474.xml, The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal.
3433.xml, Heart size normal. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Bony structures intact.
367.xml, The lungs are clear. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is within normal limits.
1841.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
356.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
330.xml, Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.
3781.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality. A right humeral intramedullary XXXX is noted incidentally, without evidence of XXXX complicating features.
1149.xml, Several calcified granulomas in bilateral hilar regions. The trachea is midline. Negative for pneumothorax, pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation. The heart size is normal.
3392.xml, Mediastinal contours are normal. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
1369.xml, Heart size normal. Prominent epicardial fat. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
2718.xml, The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. There is no focal airspace opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. There are mild degenerative changes along the thoracic spine. No acute bony abnormality is identified.
1719.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size. Pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. No focal consolidations, effusions, or pneumothoraces. No acute bony abnormality.
2587.xml, Right chest XXXX tip low SVC. Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Prosthetic right humeral head. Prior lower cervical spine surgery. XXXX deformity at the thoracolumbar junction with an acute kyphosis.
84.xml, There are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding as a result. No pleural effusion, pneumothorax or focal airspace disease. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No free subdiaphragmatic air.
2948.xml, The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
1704.xml, There is blunting of the left costophrenic XXXX compatible with a moderate to large left pleural fluid collection. There are areas of airspace opacity within the left lung base which may represent atelectasis or infiltrate. Minimal bandlike atelectasis within the right lung base. Heart size is normal. Left-sided tunneled catheter terminates at the caval atrial junction. Right IJ venous catheter terminates at the proximal SVC.
2414.xml, Again, the patient is mildly rotated, and there is a mild XXXX curvature of the thoracic spine. Stable borderline cardiac enlargement. In the left lower lobe on the lateral view, there appears to be some patchy airspace disease which is probably mostly atelectasis from an elevated left diaphragm. The be difficult to completely exclude a superimposed pneumonia. No significant pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is an extensive fusion of the posterior cervical spine.
1359.xml, The heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.
350.xml, Normal cardiomediastinal contours. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusions. Left basilar patchy opacities. Small hiatal hernia.
1283.xml, The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are calcified granulomas noted. There are vascular calcifications over the aortic XXXX.
2220.xml, The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. There low lung volumes. There is pulmonary vascular congestion and indistinctness. Bibasilar airspace disease is also present. Probable XXXX left pleural effusion. No evidence of pneumothorax. Cardiac silhouette is upper lungs are normally accentuated due to low lung volumes.
3283.xml, Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
3877.xml, Compared to prior chest radiograph from XXXX, there has been removal of right-sided tunneled dialysis catheter. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits for size and contour. Mildly increased atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic aorta. 1.0 cm nodular opacity in the left midlung is stable compared to prior examination from XXXX. No XXXX nodules, focal consolidation, or pneumothorax identified. There are XXXX bilateral pleural effusions posteriorly. There is mild central pulmonary vascular congestion without XXXX pulmonary edema. No acute bony abnormality.
2670.xml, Hyperexpanded lungs with flattened hemidiaphragms, consistent with emphysema. There is streaky airspace opacities in the left suprahilar and lingular regions. No pneumothorax or effusions. Mild bilateral costophrenic XXXX blunting XXXX represents pleural thickening and scarring. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
1523.xml, Heart size, cardiomediastinal silhouette, and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There are no infiltrates, effusions, or pneumothorax.
1310.xml, The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. There is no focal airspace opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No acute bony abnormality is identified.
2238.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.
2397.xml, Stable normal cardiac size and contour, normal mediastinal silhouette. Normal pulmonary XXXX. Lungs clear, no airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
1737.xml, The heart is normal in size. The pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. No focal air space opacities. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.
3860.xml, The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. The lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The XXXX are intact.
3745.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute osseous findings.
567.xml, Heart size upper normal but stable. Mediastinal contours within normal limits.. Minimal right middle lobe atelectasis. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Degenerative endplate changes of the spine.
3828.xml, The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.
1279.xml, There is no focal consolidation. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. The cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable. The heart size is within normal limits. The right upper extremity PICC tip is in the upper SVC. Surgical clips in the right upper abdomen.
2093.xml, The lungs are clear. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. A right-sided Mediport catheter is noted. No pleural effusion is identified.
1909.xml, Consolidation, atelectasis, and costophrenic XXXX blunting in the left lower lobe have cleared in the interval. A persistent patchy infiltrate is present in the right middle lobe. No XXXX infiltrates. Heart is slightly large. Pulmonary XXXX are normal. Aorta remains tortuous.
3082.xml, Cardiomegaly. Interstitial opacities consistent with edema in the lower lobes. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion.
812.xml, Chronic bilateral emphysematous changes. The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. The lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The XXXX are intact. Stable splenic artery embolism coils.
3418.xml, Prominent interstitial markings. There are no focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary opacities. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax.
756.xml, Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. No airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or pulmonary edema. No acute bony abnormality.
3463.xml, No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Stable XXXX opacity over the left lung base XXXX represents a combination of prominent pericardial fat and overlying breast XXXX. The lungs are otherwise clear. There is stable cardiomegaly. The mediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Stable position of cardiac pacemaker and leads.
2417.xml, Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. Calcified granuloma in the left lower lobe. Minimal bibasilar airspace disease. No pneumothorax. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
3944.xml, Mediport catheter seen on the right with the tip in the mid SVC. The lungs appear to be clear. No pleural effusion is seen. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal.
1827.xml, The Cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal. The Heart size is normal. The lungs are clear with no pulmonary effusions or pneumothorax.
1366.xml, Lungs are clear. Heart size normal. The XXXX are unremarkable.
797.xml, The heart size is enlarged. Tortuous aorta. Otherwise the mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
2193.xml, Again noted and is blunting of the right pleural space, XXXX a XXXX effusion or scarring. Opacity in the right lung base also appears unchanged, XXXX scarring. Heart size appears normal, improved from prior study. There is no vascular congestion or edema. There's no pneumothorax.
287.xml, Heart size is normal. The lungs are grossly clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The hilar and mediastinal contours are stable. Normal pulmonary vascularity. No overt edema.
1060.xml, The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. Mild dextrocurvature the spine.
3889.xml, Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal airspace disease. Bony structures appear intact.
3721.xml, Streaky opacity is noted within the left lung base which may represent focal area of atelectasis. Right lung is grossly clear. Cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion.
1741.xml, There is a right pleural effusion which appears somewhat loculated. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is unchanged. The left lung is grossly clear. Unchanged sclerotic lesion in the left proximal clavicle. No pneumothorax. No left pleural effusion. There are T-spine osteophytes.
538.xml, Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. No XXXX focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
2295.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. The thoracic aorta is calcified. No focal areas of pulmonary consolidation. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. The thoracic spine appears intact.
1227.xml, ICD XXXX tip remains in the right ventricle. Stable calcified granulomas. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits. Pulmonary vasculature is normal . XXXX XXXX intact.
1450.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
1348.xml, The lungs are hypoinflated with mild basilar bronchovascular crowding/atelectasis. There is a fracture of the left anterior 7th rib and XXXX the left anterior 6th rib, of uncertain acuity. Correlate with XXXX tenderness. There is mild XXXX atelectasis in the left lung base. There is corticated deformity of the right anterior 7th rib, XXXX remote fracture. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
2667.xml, Heart size normal. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or effusions. No bony abnormalities.
2681.xml, The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is a small stable XXXX foreign body noted over the left chest. There are vascular calcifications over the aortic XXXX. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
2422.xml, Consolidation is developing in the left lower lobe. A patchy infiltrate is also present in the right lower lobe. Heart size is normal.
64.xml, 2 images. Heart size upper limits of normal. Mediastinal contours are maintained. The patient is mildly rotated. There is a small to moderate sized right apical pneumothorax which measures approximately 2.0 cm. No focal airspace consolidation is seen. Left chest is clear. No definite displaced bony injury is seen. Results called XXXX. XXXX XXXX p.m. XXXX, XXXX.
3779.xml, The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.
1079.xml, There are low lung volumes. The heart size and upper mediastinum have a normal appearance. There is no pulmonary vascular congestion. There is minimal right basilar atelectasis. There is no large effusion or pneumothorax. The osseous structures appear intact.
3508.xml, The heart is normal in size. The cardiomediastinal contours are stable. There are stable bilateral pleural effusions with partial right-sided loculation. Biapical scarring and pleural thickening appears stable. There is again right-sided superior hilar retraction and mild rightward XXXX deviation. No acute infiltrate is appreciated.
1044.xml, The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. There has been clearing of left base airspace opacities. The lungs now appear clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. The lungs appear hyperexpanded consistent with emphysema.
3959.xml, The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. Sternotomy XXXX overlie the heart.
3470.xml, The patient is rotated. The heart is normal in size. The pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No focal airspace opacities. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
3704.xml, Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Bony thorax and soft tissues unremarkable
3061.xml, The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal units. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Bandlike opacities are present in the right base consistent with areas of atelectasis. Remainder of the lungs appear clear.
2851.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
1673.xml, Heart size is normal in cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No XXXX consolidations. No pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. XXXX and soft tissues are unremarkable. Lungs are hyperinflated.
3605.xml, Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion.
892.xml, There is hyperinflation. There is some subtle scarring in the lateral right base. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
1669.xml, The lungs are clear, and without focal air space opacity. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. There are calcifications in the aortic XXXX. There is a calcified granuloma at the left lower lung. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
503.xml, Lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX and soft tissues are unremarkable.
2806.xml, Heart size is normal lungs are clear. No edema or effusions.
3723.xml, Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.
2258.xml, Mild hypoventilation with bronchovascular crowding and prominent central and basilar interstitial markings. No focal alveolar consolidation, no pleural effusion demonstrated. Considering technical factors heart size XXXX within normal limits.
2971.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
3024.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits in overall size and appearance. Central vascular markings are symmetric and within normal limits. The lungs are normally inflated with no focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No acute bone abnormality.
3844.xml, Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is upper limits of normal.
1481.xml, The lungs are clear, and without focal airspace opacity. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour, and stable. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
689.xml, Three noncalcified lung nodules are present in the left lower lobe. The largest measures 3.5 mm in diameter. Another nodule is present near the right hilum. It is approximately 2 cm in diameter. The XXXX and mediastinum appear normal. Heart size normal.
3379.xml, No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Borderline cardiomegaly. Minimal retrocardiac airspace disease. Bony structures appear intact.
2873.xml, Heart size and vascularity normal. External contour normal. Lungs clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
800.xml, The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size is enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Marked tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. There are advanced degenerative changes of the glenohumeral joints bilaterally with bone-on-bone articulation, remodeling of the glenoid, and extensive subchondral cystic change. No displaced rib fractures are visualized. Diffuse osteopenia of the thoracic spine with a mid thoracic and several lower thoracic XXXX deformities, age-indeterminate. There is an air-fluid level in the middle mediastinum, most XXXX secondary to a large hiatal hernia.
2965.xml, Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion. No pneumothorax.
219.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.
560.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. The lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation. No pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute bone abnormality.
1253.xml, Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
2251.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.
2433.xml, Low lung volumes with bibasilar subsegmental atelectasis. No focal consolidations, pleural effusions, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
2172.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Biapical fibronodular thickening/scarring. Hyperexpanded lungs without focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality.
2531.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Scattered calcified granulomas noted. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax demonstrate mild multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine without acute abnormality.
3148.xml, Stable cardiomediastinal contour is mild cardiomegaly. No pneumothorax or significant pulmonary edema. Small left pleural effusion. No focal lung consolidation. Mildly low lung volumes.
2677.xml, Heart size normal. Mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. There is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion identified. A bullet is noted in the soft tissues of the inferior right chest wall. No acute bony abnormality.
1405.xml, There is scarring in the right mid and upper lung zone with surgical clips identified as well. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart is not significantly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted.
3297.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. Mild emphysematous changes are noted. The lungs are otherwise clear.
3551.xml, Heart size near top normal limits for technique. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. Dense left lower lobe nodule suggests a previous granulomatous process.
383.xml, Normal heart size. No focal air space consolidation, pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or pulmonary edema. Anterior osteophytes of the thoracic spine.
1992.xml, Borderline heart size. The lungs are hyperexpanded and hyperlucent compatible with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. There are no XXXX focal air space consolidations. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. The hilar and mediastinal contours are unchanged. Aortic vascular calcifications. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Bone demineralization.
2824.xml, The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Hyperexpanded lungs. Calcified right upper lobe granuloma, unchanged. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. No displaced rib fractures.
2686.xml, Heart size within normal limits. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or effusions.
392.xml, Lungs are clear. No focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Interval resolution of left effusion. Central venous dialysis catheter unchanged in position. Heart and mediastinal contours are normal. Osseous structures intact.
3974.xml, The lungs are hyperexpanded consistent with emphysema. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. Patchy airspace disease is present in the right middle lobe. Degenerative changes are present spine.
2351.xml, The heart is normal in size and contour. Scattered calcifications are noted, compatible with prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are clear, without evidence of infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.
721.xml, Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. Heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour.
939.xml, The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal.
3020.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contours are normal in appearance. No consolidative airspace opacities. No radiographic evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.
3154.xml, There is severe dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine with chronic deformity of the bilateral ribs. The lungs are chronically hypoinflated. There is XXXX visualization of the hemidiaphragms, which may be due to basilar airspace disease/atelectasis. Evaluation of the lungs is markedly limited. Overall, the appearance is similar to the prior study from XXXX. There is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
801.xml, Heart is normal in size. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute or destructive bone abnormality.
1035.xml, Right XXXX-A-XXXX is in XXXX. The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Some prominent perihilar opacities are present. Some vague small nodular opacities are present in the right upper lung zone. These are slightly more prominent than on the previous study. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
147.xml, The lungs are clear. Heart and pulmonary XXXX appear normal. The pleural spaces are clear and mediastinal contours are normal. Nodular density overlying the anterior left 4th rib XXXX represents a healing rib fracture.
2123.xml, The heart is large. Pulmonary XXXX are engorged. No infiltrates. Aorta is somewhat tortuous. Degenerative disc disease is present in the thoracic spine.
3651.xml, Blunting of the costophrenic XXXX XXXX represents scarring. No pleural effusion is identified on the lateral view. There is no focal consolidation. No pneumothorax is present. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits are in the pulmonary vasculature is normal.
510.xml, Lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX and soft tissues are unremarkable.
1770.xml, No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Normal cardiac contours. Clear lungs bilaterally. Redemonstration of transmetatarsal amputation. No evidence of acute fracture-dislocations. No evidence of any bony erosions or osseous infections.
3034.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Multilevel cervical XXXX arthritis.
3681.xml, There are lower lung volumes. There is central bronchovascular crowding. Volume loss in the medial right upper lobe seen on XXXX is not as well-demonstrated on radiography. No lobar consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
2443.xml, Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Vascular calcification is noted.
2867.xml, The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. The superior thoracic spine is again noted, unchanged from prior. Lucent pulmonary parenchyma is consistent appearance with emphysema and appears unchanged from prior examinations. No evidence of pneumothorax. No focal airspace disease or pleural effusion. Vague density in the medial right lung apex most XXXX representing overlying shadows of bony structures, which is stable.
2994.xml, The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal.
2937.xml, The heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.
289.xml, Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours, right chest XXXX tip in the low SVC. Monitoring device artifacts. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.
920.xml, Heart size is normal. Cardiomediastinal contour is normal without mediastinal widening. Lungs are clear bilaterally. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No bony or soft tissue abnormalities.
2110.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.
987.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
3991.xml, The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.
3380.xml, The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
2355.xml, PA and lateral views the chest were obtained. There are low lung volumes on the frontal view, which accentuates heart size and lung markings. The heart size is upper limits normal or mildly enlarged. Mediastinum normal width. The pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits. There is left lung base atelectasis on frontal XXXX XXXX secondary to low volumes. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation.
1972.xml, There is a XXXX airspace opacity in the left upper lung. Heart size within normal limits. Mild calcification of the aortic XXXX. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions.
3484.xml, Sternotomy XXXX are present. Patient has XXXX cardiac valve replacement. Atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. No focal infiltrate. Heart size is normal. Stable ectatic aorta. No pleural effusion. No pneumothorax. There is a stable XXXX deformity of T7. However, there is XXXX loss of vertebral body XXXX at T9 compared XXXX thorax from XXXX.
3083.xml, The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. .
2972.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are hypoinflated. Costophrenic XXXX are blunted, XXXX corresponding to small bilateral pleural effusions. There is no focal consolidation or pneumothorax.
758.xml, Normal heart size. Clear lungs. No large pleural effusion. No pneumothorax.
3249.xml, The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. Again seen is evidence of prior CABG. The cardiomediastinal contours are unchanged. XXXX XXXX right and XXXX left pleural effusions. There is XXXX right greater than left bibasilar atelectasis. XXXX B-lines seen at the lung bases. No consolidation or pneumothorax.
3005.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Aorta is tortuous. Calcified lymph XXXX are again identified. There is mild prominence of the right paratracheal soft tissues, stable in appearance from prior studies. There is no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion. Osteopenia and degenerative changes are identified. XXXX deformity of T9 appears worse than prior study.
2579.xml, The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Bony thorax unremarkable.
961.xml, There is a XXXX opacity projecting over the left midlung, posterior on the lateral view. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Heart size top normal. Degenerative changes thoracic spine.
1172.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
1984.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Again visualized is a wedge-shaped XXXX fracture of T12.
1580.xml, Lungs are mildly hyperexpanded. The lungs are clear. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. There are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
2564.xml, Normal cardiac size and contour unremarkable mediastinal silhouette. Lungs clear, no airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No active/acute cardiopulmonary disease.
3427.xml, The cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. There is no pulmonary edema. There is no focal consolidation. There are no XXXX of a large pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pneumothorax.
3898.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Normal XXXX.
2189.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.
1735.xml, The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and unchanged from prior examinations with sternotomy XXXX and surgical clips overlying. There is blunting of the right costophrenic XXXX which appears unchanged from prior examination and may be secondary to scarring or pleural thickening of the right lung base. There is no evidence of acute infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax. Visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
184.xml, PA and lateral views were obtained. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. Bony structures are intact. A 5 mm stable right apical nodule.
2553.xml, There are several small calcified granulomas. The lungs are otherwise clear. No focal airspace consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary mass or nodule is identified. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits. There are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
1301.xml, Heart size within normal limits, stable mediastinal and hilar contours, mediastinal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.
2662.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.
1530.xml, Mediastinal contours are normal. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
2096.xml, Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Clear lungs. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Unremarkable XXXX.
25.xml, The heart is within normal limits in size. Surgical suture material projects over the right lung apex. The lungs are hyperlucent and hyperinflated compatible with emphysema. There is left lower lobe airspace disease identified. There is moderate left pleural effusion and small right pleural effusion. No visualized pneumothorax.
2100.xml, The heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Atherosclerotic calcification of the aorta. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. Questionable thin-walled cavitary lesion in the right lower lobe, only seen on the AP view and may represent artifact. No acute bony abnormalities.
26.xml, The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.
224.xml, Clear lungs. Normal heart. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Old right rib fractures.
4.xml, There are diffuse bilateral interstitial and alveolar opacities consistent with chronic obstructive lung disease and bullous emphysema. There are irregular opacities in the left lung apex, that could represent a cavitary lesion in the left lung apex.There are streaky opacities in the right upper lobe, XXXX scarring. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
3331.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. Calcified right lower lobe granuloma The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Degenerative changes of the spine.
2742.xml, The cardiac contours are normal. Prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis. Lower cervical degenerative arthritis.
3650.xml, The heart is not enlarged. The bilateral pulmonary arteries appear enlarged. The lungs are hyperexpanded the hemidiaphragms are flattened. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation.
2695.xml, The cardiac contours are normal. The lungs are hyperinflated with flattened diaphragms. No acute pulmonary findings. Thoracic spondylosis.
1215.xml, The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Catheter tubing overlies the left upper quadrant, appearance of the lateral projection suggest prior gastric banding procedure.
41.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance. No interval change in the diffuse increased bilateral pulmonary interstitial markings, greatest in the peripheral aspect of the left lung and left lung base. These opacities appear slightly increased as compared to prior examination. Mild left-sided volume loss redemonstrated, unchanged. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The thoracic spine appears intact.
1652.xml, Dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine. Clear lungs bilaterally. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormalities.
3387.xml, Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute bony abnormality is identified. There is slightly increased XXXX opacity of the right base compared to the left which may minimal right basilar airspace disease, XXXX in the right middle lobe. The left lung is clear. No pneumothorax or effusion identified.
3426.xml, The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There are minimal degenerative changes of the spine.
1932.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
3325.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.
3288.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
1402.xml, The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. The visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
968.xml, Heart size within normal limits. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.
1382.xml, 2 images. Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No convincing acute bony findings.
3610.xml, Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
290.xml, The lungs are clear. There are multiple surgical XXXX seen near the apical regions and lower cervical region bilaterally. The heart and mediastinum are normal. There is a screw in the right shoulder. The soft tissues are normal.
2059.xml, Right lower lobe patchy opacities noted. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
859.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. XXXX right lower lung opacity XXXX represents combination of soft tissue overlay and minimal atelectasis. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
2835.xml, Heart size is within normal limits. Low lung volumes. No focal airspace consolidations. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
773.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Right suprahilar calcified lymph XXXX. Right lung base calcified granuloma. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Mildly hyperexpanded lungs. Negative for acute bone abnormality.
324.xml, Lungs are clear bilaterally. Cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal. Pulmonary vasculature is normal. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.
2549.xml, The heart is normal in size. The pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. No focal air space opacities. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.
1470.xml, Mediastinal contours are normal. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
2025.xml, Lungs are clear bilaterally. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX are unremarkable.
2254.xml, Lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax. There are surgical clips seen within the upper abdomen.
2989.xml, Mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Heart size is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Cervical fusion XXXX. Degenerative changes of the spine and the acromioclavicular joints.
3350.xml, The cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits. There is no pulmonary edema. There is no focal consolidation. There are no XXXX of a large pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pneumothorax.
200.xml, Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
863.xml, No focal consolidation. No visualized pneumothorax. The heart size is normal. No large pleural effusions. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable.
1323.xml, The heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour. The lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusions. The XXXX are intact.
675.xml, The cardiac contours are normal. Cardiac valve replacement. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.
3206.xml, Heart size is normal. No large effusions. No focal airspace opacities. No pneumothorax.
870.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
1612.xml, Mild cardiomegaly. Tortuous thoracic aorta with atherosclerosis. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine without evidence of XXXX deformity. The visualized osseous structures are intact. No displaced rib fractures. No edema or airspace consolidation
2246.xml, Normal heart size and mediastinal contour. Right lung base airspace disease on frontal XXXX. XXXX opacities in the left lung base consistent with atelectasis. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Mild wedge XXXX deformity of T12.
1452.xml, PA and lateral views the chest were obtained. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration. The lungs are well aerated. No pneumothorax, pleural effusion, or focal air space consolidation.
1649.xml, There is a moderate layering left pleural effusion, grossly stable. There is a moderate right pleural effusion, which is partially loculated. There is some pleural fluid tracking along the right XXXX fissure. There is bibasilar airspace disease, possibly passive atelectasis. No pneumothorax is identified. Heart size is within normal limits. Right PICC tip is at the SVC. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine.
796.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Normal XXXX.
1807.xml, The heart is mild enlarged. Central pulmonary vascularity is again accentuated. There are also mild increased interstitial markings without focal consolidation or pleural effusion.
3246.xml, The cardiac contours are normal. Prominent pulmonary arteries. The lungs are clear. Thoracic spondylosis.
3461.xml, Clear lungs. No pneumothorax. No pleural effusion. Normal heart. Trachea is midline.
2421.xml, The heart is enlarged. The left subclavian ICD is again identified. There is again hilar enlargement, XXXX superimposes enlarged pulmonary vasculature. XXXX opacities are unchanged and compatible with subsegmental atelectasis or scarring. There is no large pleural effusion or focal consolidation.
1117.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. There is ill-defined airspace opacity in the posterior left lower lobe. There is focal opacity in the right upper lobe which suggests scar and/or granulomatous calcification. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
1775.xml, The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
2106.xml, Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
3473.xml, Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. No discrete nodules or adenopathy are noted.
3699.xml, Normal heart size mediastinal contours. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Degenerative disc disease in the thoracic spine with osteophyte formation bridging.
1457.xml, Normal heart size. Stable position of 2 pacemaker electrodes, with a XXXX tip in the expected region of the right atrium and another XXXX tip in the expected region of the right ventricle. There is no pulmonary edema. There is no focal consolidation. There are no XXXX of pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. XXXX are unremarkable.
2629.xml, Mediastinal contours are normal. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion.
787.xml, Lungs are clear. Heart size normal. The XXXX are unremarkable.
361.xml, Lungs remain clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
2725.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Emphysematous changes are present. The lungs are free of active disease. Deformed right ribs. Thoracic spondylosis.
3976.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contour are normal. Pulmonary vascularity is normal. Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces.
1831.xml, Heart size within normal limits. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.
3569.xml, Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Low lung volumes. No focal airspace consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
833.xml, Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
3377.xml, PA and lateral views were obtained. Lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The heart and mediastinum are within normal limits. Bony structures are intact.
733.xml, There is a dual-lumen right internal jugular central venous catheter, the distal tip projects over the right atrium. There is no apparent pneumothorax. There is no focal lung opacity or pleural effusion. There is stable right upper lung lucency. The cardiopulmonary mediastinal silhouettes are stable. The visualized osseous structures appear within normal limits.
2428.xml, Lungs mildly hyperinflated with flattened posterior diaphragm and increased retrosternal airspace. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Left hilar calcifications and dense left lower lobe nodules suggest a previous granulomatous process. Overall heart size within normal limits with prominent right atrial convexity, no typical findings of pulmonary edema. No pneumothorax.
426.xml, Normal heart size. Tortuosity of the thoracic aorta. The lungs are free of any focal airspace disease. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Degenerative changes are present in the spine.
1251.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
2758.xml, Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary XXXX and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. No pleural effusion.
506.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.
190.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear. There is no obvious lytic or destructive lesion. No displaced rib fracture is evident.
3081.xml, The heart is normal in size. The aorta is tortuous and ectatic. The lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The osseous structures are intact.
724.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. XXXX granuloma is noted in the left midlung. The lungs are otherwise clear.
3437.xml, Stable, normal cardiac size, mediastinum, and central pulmonary vasculature. The lungs remain grossly clear, aside from mild biapical pleural-peripheral scarring and minimal chronic interstitial changes. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.
3914.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation.
1189.xml, Normal heart size and hilar vascular markings. Evidence of prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are clear without focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There are no acute osseous abnormalities present. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. The soft tissues are within normal limits.
2236.xml, The cardiac silhouette, mediastinum, and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. Lungs are clear. No pleural fluid or pneumothorax is appreciated.
2589.xml, There are no acute osseous abnormalities. Soft tissues are within normal limits. There is stable enlargement of the heart. Calcific aorta. Stable bilateral calcified granulomas. The lungs are clear bilaterally without focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.
525.xml, No focal consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Exaggerated kyphosis with increased AP dimension of the thorax, curvilinear density projected over the right anterior 3rd and 4th ribs beyond which lung markings are seen XXXX skin fold artifact. Mild aortic ectasia/tortuosity, no typical mediastinal widening to suggest vascular injury. Contour irregularity of the lateral right 9th rib of indeterminate age.
203.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.
650.xml, Rotated examination. Tortuous aorta. Moderate right-sided pleural effusion, small left sided. No pneumothorax. Mixed nodular interstitial opacities distributed through bilateral lungs, right greater than left. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is mildly enlarged. Obliquely oriented left humeral neck fracture, transverse, with 5 mm displacement of the distal fragment. Limited evaluation of the aorto iliac stent. No cavitary lesion to suggest. active tuberculosis. Large hiatal hernia.
3768.xml, Mild cardiomegaly. Changes of chronic lung disease. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Accentuated thoracic kyphosis.
941.xml, Surgical XXXX at the distal left clavicle. No acute osseous abnormality. Soft tissue structures are within normal limits. Stable normal cardio mediastinal silhouettes and hilar structures. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. .
2039.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. Large calcified granulomas in the right hilum. The lungs are otherwise clear. Prior anterior cervical fusion.
2198.xml, Cardiac silhouette, pulmonary vascular pattern within normal limits. No focal infiltrate, pneumothorax or pulmonary edema. No pleural effusion. Osseous structures within normal limits.
916.xml, Lungs are clear without focal airspace disease. Numerous XXXX calcifications are again noted. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart size is upper limits of normal.
381.xml, Ribs are intact with no fractures or bone destruction. Both lungs remain clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum are normal.
1624.xml, Heart size mildly enlarged, stable mediastinal and hilar contours, mediastinal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.
2974.xml, Postsurgical changes are noted in the mediastinum. There is tortuosity and/or ectasia of the thoracic and upper abdominal aorta. No consolidative airspace opacities. Blunting of the lateral and posterior left costophrenic sulcus may represent residual postsurgical effusion or pleural-parenchymal scarring. No demonstrable pneumothorax. Cardiomediastinal silhouette within normal limits. Multilevel anterior osteophytes of the thoracic spine.
1767.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. Calcified right lower lobe granuloma. No focal airspace consolidation.. No visualized pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormalities.
3202.xml, Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. No focal airspace opacity. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Multiple healed posterior left rib fractures.
1606.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.
3213.xml, The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. There is a calcified granuloma within the right middle lobe.
1897.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is within normal limits. Pectus deformity is noted. Left IJ dual-lumen catheter is visualized without pneumothorax. The lungs are clear.
1445.xml, Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. There has been interval removal of right chest tube with increased elevation of the right hemidiaphragm and XXXX right basilar atelectasis. Left basilar consolidation and pleural effusions seen. No XXXX focal consolidation or pneumothorax. There is a stable left PICC with tip overlying the mid SVC and large XXXX feeding tube courses below the diaphragm.
126.xml, Vague increased opacity which appears to be within the left lower lobe. Question of this could be developing or resolving pneumonia. Lungs are otherwise clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum are stable normal size heart. Atherosclerotic vascular disease. Degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
3964.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are hyperinflated compatible with emphysema. There is biapical scarring. No acute infiltrate is seen.
2930.xml, There are T-spine osteophytes. The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation.
572.xml, Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
3471.xml, Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. There is a rounded lucency seen above the diaphragm on lateral view, suggestive of small hiatal hernia. Visualized osseous structures appear intact. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine seen.
2337.xml, The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Stable paratracheal soft tissue density dating back to exams in XXXX, XXXX confluence of vascular shadows. Lungs are hyperexpanded. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
1219.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contours are normal in appearance. No consolidative airspace opacities. No radiographic evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.
1100.xml, Heart is large. Pulmonary XXXX are engorged. Bibasilar interstitial infiltrates and bilateral costophrenic XXXX blunting are present.
995.xml, Sternotomy sutures and bypass grafts have been placed in the interval. Both lungs remain clear and expanded with no infiltrates. Pulmonary XXXX are normal.
375.xml, The cardiac silhouette, upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no acute air space infiltrate, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
3273.xml, Cardiomegaly. No focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta. Bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable.
1790.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
181.xml, Normal heart size mediastinal contours. Eventration of the right hemidiaphragm. No focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
765.xml, The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen. Right XXXX-a-XXXX remains in XXXX.
3916.xml, Heart size normal. Lungs XXXX clear. XXXX XXXX normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
2259.xml, Bilateral glenohumeral degenerative joint disease. Scattered degenerative changes of the thoracic spine. Stable mild heart enlargement.Prominence of soft tissue density in the upper mediastinum. It is increased from most recent prior exam on XXXX. However, it appears similar compared to XXXX exams performed in XXXX. No focal area of consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Focal opacity in the left upper lobe XXXX represents scarring or related to overlying rib opacity.
3560.xml, Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
545.xml, Lung volumes are XXXX. XXXX opacities are present in both lung bases. A hiatal hernia is present. Heart and pulmonary XXXX are normal.
1529.xml, The lungs are clear. There is no focal airspace consolidation. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is within normal limits. Right paratracheal density is stable from prior radiographs and may reflect tortuous vasculature. There is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification. There are mild degenerative changes of the spine. Surgical clips are noted in the region of the left breast. There is mild diaphragm eventration.
1157.xml, The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is a region of left upper lobe perihilar opacity identified.
1720.xml, There are very low lung volumes with associated central bronchovascular crowding. There is elevation of the left hemidiaphragm. There are XXXX-filled loops of mildly dilated colon in the left upper quadrant. The bowel XXXX pattern is not well evaluated secondary to incomplete imaging of the abdomen. There is no pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. The streaky opacities in the lung bases may represent atelectasis. No definite infectious infiltrate is seen. There is scoliosis and exaggeration of the thoracic kyphosis.
1026.xml, The lungs appear clear. The heart and pulmonary XXXX appear normal. The pleural spaces are clear. Mediastinal contours are normal.
2274.xml, The left and right XXXX remain enlarged and unchanged. Lungs are free of infiltrates. Heart size normal.
2327.xml, There has been interval development of a large right-sided pleural effusion. The left lung is clear. There is no pneumothorax. Heart size mediastinal contours are within normal limits. XXXX deformity is noted at the upper thoracic vertebral body.
2264.xml, Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. Low lung volumes. No focal airspace consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Visualized bony structures are unremarkable in appearance.
2005.xml, Heart size normal. Lungs are clear. XXXX are normal. No pneumonia, effusions, edema, pneumothorax, adenopathy, nodules or masses.
3407.xml, Intact XXXX sternotomy XXXX and CABG markers. Calcified granulomas. Heart size is normal. No focal airspace consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. T-spine degenerative changes.
244.xml, Heart XXXX, mediastinum, XXXX, bony structures and lung XXXX are unremarkable.
1966.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.
1816.xml, The heart and mediastinum are unremarkable. Again identified are numerous calcified mediastinal lymph XXXX as well as large calcifications within the left upper and left lower lobes. These appear similar to the patient's previous chest CT and are XXXX the sequela of prior granulomatous disease. The lungs are otherwise clear without infiltrate. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.
507.xml, No airspace disease, effusion or noncalcified nodule. Normal heart size and mediastinum. Visualized XXXX of the chest XXXX are within normal limits.
305.xml, Heart size is mildly enlarged. The pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia.
1229.xml, There is hyperinflation of the lungs appear to be clear. There is no pleural effusion or The heart is normal. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. The skeletal structures are normal.
459.xml, The cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal. The lungs are well-inflated and clear. There is no focal consolidation, pneumothorax or effusion. No acute bony abnormalities are seen. No radiopaque foreign bodies are present.
291.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
564.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. There is right upper lobe airspace disease.. There is a rounded nodular opacity in the left upper lung measuring approximately 7 mm which may represent further sequela of infectious process versus other pathology. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
696.xml, This study is limited secondary to patient body habitus. The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The heart and mediastinum are normal. The skeletal structures are normal.
3095.xml, Heart size is mildly enlarged. There are diffusely increased interstitial opacities bilaterally. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. No acute bony abnormality.
2771.xml, Chest. Both lungs clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal. Ankle. Soft tissue XXXX is present around the malleoli. XXXX intact. Mortise radiographically stable.
2332.xml, The heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal. There is no focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, pneumothorax. The osseous structures are intact.
2517.xml, Lungs are clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Normal heart and mediastinal contours. Normal pulmonary vasculature. Bony thorax intact.
3949.xml, Apical lordotic frontal view. Considering differences in technical factors XXXX stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with mild cardiomegaly. No focal alveolar consolidation, no definite pleural effusion seen. Dense left lower lung nodule suggests a previous granulomatous process. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.
2103.xml, Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. Lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
2156.xml, The heart is normal in size. The pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance. No focal air space opacities. No pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.
394.xml, There is a large airspace opacity in the right lower and middle lobes. There is no pneumothorax. Heart size is normal. Soft tissue and bony structures unremarkable.
2701.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
943.xml, Heart size, cardiomediastinal silhouette, and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There are no infiltrates, effusions, or pneumothorax.
1484.xml, Calcified left lower lobe granuloma. No focal areas of consolidation. No pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. Degenerative changes noted of the thoracic spine.
2383.xml, Stable cardiomegaly, XXXX at XXXX partially accentuated by low lung volumes. Stable XXXX sternotomy XXXX, several of which are interrupted, and mediastinal clips. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. T-spine osteophytes.
1676.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. Aortic atherosclerotic calcifications. Emphysematous changes. Nodular densities projecting over right anterior fifth and six ribs. No focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. No acute osseous abnormality.
936.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.
505.xml, No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits, visualized osseous structures appear intact.
3906.xml, Normal cardiac contour. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Clear lungs bilaterally.
238.xml, Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette. No focal pulmonary opacity, pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormality.
484.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. There is again significant thoracolumbar rotatory scoliosis. The aorta is atherosclerotic. The lungs are hypoinflated but clear.
1645.xml, Stable chronic appearing left basilar opacities. No focal areas of consolidation. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No evidence of pneumothorax. Osseous structures appear intact. Degenerative changes of the visualized thoracic spine.
2760.xml, There is minimal scarring within the left lung base. The lungs are otherwise clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax.
3639.xml, The cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is normal There is no evidence of pneumomediastinum or pneumothorax. Clear lungs There are no large pleural effusions No evidence of displaced fractures.
2938.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour. The lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age..
1776.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contours are stable. Pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable. No focal consolidation. No visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax. No displaced rib fractures are seen. There are mild degenerative changes along the thoracic spine.
2706.xml, The lungs are clear. There is no pleural effusion. The heart and mediastinum are normal. Arthritic changes are seen throughout the spine and both XXXX.
3329.xml, The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.
1967.xml, Heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. There has been interval development of some XXXX bandlike opacities in left base. These appear to be located in the lingula. The remainder of the lungs appear clear. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen.
3000.xml, There are multiple bilateral pulmonary nodules. For example, there is a 12 mm left lower lobe nodule, XXXX seen on the frontal view. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Heart size is within normal limits. The left hilar contour is prominent. There are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine.
1379.xml, Heart size is within normal limits. No focal airspace disease. No pneumothorax or effusion.
3880.xml, Unchanged cardiomegaly. Negative for pneumothorax or focal consolidation. No large effusion. Mildly prominent interstitial opacities.
3652.xml, No pneumothorax, pleural effusion or airspace consolidation. Heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits. XXXX XXXX are intact. There are calcified right hilar granulomas. There is mild thoracic dextroscoliosis.
1242.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable with tortuous aorta. There are chronic changes particularly noted in the lung apices. The XXXX are mildly prominent but stable. No acute infiltrate is seen. There is no pleural effusion.
509.xml, Two left-sided chest tubes again noted. Interval improved aeration of the left lung compared to prior. Interval improvement in left lung pleural fluid. Right lung clear. Endotracheal tube noted with tip approximately 4.5 cm above the carina. Left internal jugular central venous catheter with tip approximating the high SVC. No evidence of pneumothorax.
2118.xml, There is redemonstration of an AICD with the left chest wall with stable intact XXXX placement. Surgical cervical XXXX is redemonstrated. Cardiac and mediastinal XXXX appear normal. XXXX opacity in the left upper lobe, XXXX atelectasis or scarring. No visible pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen. No visible free air under the diaphragm. The osseous structures appear intact.
1319.xml, The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
2344.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are hypoinflated. No focal consolidation is seen. Postsurgical/biopsy changes overlying the right breast.
884.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Right basilar calcified granuloma noted. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
3813.xml, There is XXXX opacity left lung base may represent atelectasis or early infiltrate. The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
1234.xml, 2 images. The cardiac silhouette is enlarged. Thoracic aortic atherosclerotic calcifications are present. There are finding status post sternotomy and CABG. XXXX atelectasis or scar is noted within the left midlung. There is blunting of the left costophrenic XXXX. No pneumothorax.
1961.xml, Stable cardiomegaly with significantly low lung volumes and associated bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar atelectasis. No definite pleural effusion, consolidation, or pneumothorax identified. No acute bony abnormality.
107.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
2215.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality.
1037.xml, The heart is normal size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. A tortuous, calcified thoracic aorta is present. The lungs are hyperexpanded, consistent with emphysema. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. The XXXX are unremarkable.
3926.xml, The trachea is midline. The heart XXXX is large, unchanged from prior exam. Slightly widened mediastinum, secondary to cardiomegaly and a tortuous aorta, is accentuated by AP portable technique. There are low lung volumes causing bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding. The lungs do not demonstrate focal infiltrate or effusion. There is no pneumothorax. The visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities.
3384.xml, Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
3013.xml, The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged and appears mildly increased in size from the XXXX study. There is normal caliber pulmonary vasculature. The lungs are grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There is no evidence of pulmonary edema.
1364.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
1584.xml, The lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
2620.xml, Cardiac silhouette within normal limits. Central pulmonary vasculature is not engorged. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Visualized osseous structures are unremarkable. No edema or focal consolidation in the lungs.
3211.xml, The lungs are clear. There appear to be small bilateral pleural effusions. The heart is not grossly enlarged. There are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta. Increased kyphosis is seen in the may be a thoracic XXXX deformity that is not well-characterized. Arthritic changes are seen.
249.xml, Lobulated right middle lobe mass measuring 4.5 x 6.8 cm, increased in size compared to prior study, most compatible with neoplasm. Otherwise, the lungs are clear without focal consolidation. No pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Cardiomediastinal silhouette within normal limits.
2542.xml, The XXXX examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest. The cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits. [Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits>]. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. The visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable.
742.xml, XXXX focal opacity in the medial right lung base XXXX seen on the frontal view. No definite pleural effusion. Stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size, no typical findings of pulmonary edema.
3481.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour. Lungs are hyperexpanded without focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax.. Degenerative endplate changes of the spine..
2413.xml, Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. No focal infiltrate, pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified.
1557.xml, There is interval removal of the tracheostomy tube and right subclavian central venous catheter. The cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged. There are XXXX XXXX pulmonary opacities with blunting of the bilateral costophrenic XXXX, on the right greater than left, with pleural thickening versus loculated pleural fluid along the peripheral aspect of the right upper lobe. Right perihilar opacities. No pneumothorax identified.
53.xml, There extremely low lung volumes. there is right basilar opacity. There is no pneumothorax. There is no large pleural effusion. Cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits.
3093.xml, Lungs are hyperexpanded. Bullae are present in the upper lobes. No focal infiltrates. Heart size normal.
931.xml, The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits.
3754.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are grossly clear.
627.xml, Stable cardiomegaly. Thoracic aortic atherosclerotic calcifications are noted. There is a prominence of the pulmonary vasculature. No consolidating airspace disease is seen. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
3237.xml, Heart size is enlarged, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Cardiac defibrillator generator projects over the left mid lateral lung. No visible pneumothorax or pleural effusion. Minimal streaky airspace opacities in the lower lobes.
2426.xml, The heart is normal in size with normal appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette. The lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The osseous structures are intact, with mild degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
3720.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
3386.xml, The trachea is midline. The cardiomediastinal silhouette appears normal. There are no acute infiltrates, effusions. There is no evidence of pneumothorax. Visualized bony structures are intact with no acute abnormalities.
676.xml, The lungs are clear. Heart size is normal. No pneumothorax.
2394.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal XXXX appear normal. No visible pneumothorax, focal airspace opacity, or pleural effusion is seen. No visible free air under the diaphragm. The osseous structures appear intact.
1535.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.
2884.xml, The postoperative cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and upper limits of normal in size. There are XXXX sternotomy XXXX and surgical clips compatible with prior CABG. There is at XXXX one left-sided coronary artery stent. Pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber. The lungs are grossly clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
3109.xml, There are no focal areas of consolidation. No suspicious pulmonary opacities. Heart size within normal limits. No pleural effusions. No pneumothorax.
1786.xml, The lungs are clear bilaterally. Specifically, no evidence of focal consolidation, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion.. Cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable. Stable XXXX foreign body over the left breast (XXXX nipple piercing). Visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality.
1214.xml, The heart is normal in size and contour. There is a focal area of scarring or XXXX atelectasis identified in the lingula. The lungs are otherwise clear without focal infiltrate. There is no pneumothorax or effusion.
1009.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. There are no focal areas of consolidation.
2292.xml, Lungs are clear bilaterally. There is no focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. XXXX are unremarkable.
617.xml, Lungs are clear. No pleural effusions or pneumothoraces. heart and mediastinum are stable with normal sized heart. Degenerative changes in the spine.
1946.xml, Portable frontal view of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads shows normal cardiomediastinal silhouette, central airways, pulmonary vasculature and lung volumes without focal air space consolidation or pleural effusion.
1811.xml, There is mild cardiomegaly and tortuous aorta. Mildly low lung volumes. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. The XXXX XXXX are intact and without acute osseous abnormality. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
2398.xml, Patient is rotated. Mild cardiomegaly. Low lung volumes with elevated hemidiaphragms, greater on the right. This is identified on a thoracic XXXX study from XXXX as well. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion. No focal infiltrate.
3564.xml, The heart is top normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Surgical clips again seen overlying the superior mediastinum.There is an retrocardiac density compatible hiatal hernia. The lungs are mildly hypoinflated. No acute infiltrate or pleural effusion are seen.
1847.xml, The cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable. The lungs are well expanded and clear. There is no focal air space opacity, pneumothorax, or effusion. There are large calcified mediastinal and right hilar granulomas. The bony structures of the thorax are intact with no evidence of acute abnormality.
2052.xml, Lungs are clear without focal consolidation, effusion, or pneumothorax. Normal heart size. Scattered granulomatous changes. Mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta. Bony thorax is unremarkable
3661.xml, There are no focal areas of consolidation. No pleural effusions. No pneumothorax. Heart size within normal limits. Osseous structures intact.
3753.xml, The cardiac silhouette, upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits. There is no acute pulmonary consolidation, large effusion or pneumothorax. There is minimal left basilar atelectasis. There are small bilateral pulmonary nodules measure approximately 5 mm in size in the right midlung and left upper lung XXXX. These are not well appreciated on the lateral projection.
3665.xml, Heart size within normal limits. Negative for focal pulmonary consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. No upper lobe airspace disease or cavitary lesions identified.
2623.xml, Lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate, pleural effusion, or pneumothoraces. Cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits. No acute bony or soft tissue abnormality.
3612.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is stable. Calcified right paratracheal lymph XXXX are seen. Aorta is atherosclerotic. The lungs are mildly hypoinflated without focal consolidation. There is no pleural effusion.
3030.xml, Normal cardiomediastinal silhouette. There is no focal consolidation. There are no XXXX of a large pleural effusion. There is no pneumothorax. There is no acute bony abnormality seen.
2704.xml, Frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette. The aorta is unfolded. There is left base streaky opacity due to XXXX scarring or discoid atelectasis. There is a midright lung small calcified granuloma. There are small nodular opacities projecting over the right base in the right costophrenic sulcus, posterior right 9th rib and the anterior T10 vertebral body. No XXXX focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion.
2729.xml, Normal heart size, mediastinal and aortic contours. Normal pulmonary vascularity. Elevated left hemidiaphragm with scarring at the left costophrenic XXXX. There is a bullet fragment overlying the left T7 vertebra. Retained XXXX bullet fragments noted within the left upper and lower lobes. No focal consolidation, visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine.
3230.xml, Low lung volumes and patient rotation. Given differences in technique, heart size XXXX within normal limits. Persistent right basilar opacity, XXXX atelectasis. No suspicious pulmonary opacity, pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion. Mild degenerative change of the thoracic spine.
3207.xml, There's been interval enlargement in the cardiac silhouette. These XXXX't contours are within normal limits. The lungs are normally inflated and clear. Osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age.
808.xml, Overall low lung lines. There is scarring or subsegmental atelectasis at the right lung base. In the left lower lobe there is airspace disease consistent with pneumonia. No pneumothorax. Heart and mediastinum are stable given the lung volumes. Degenerative changes in the spine.
3231.xml, The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size within normal limits. There is tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta, unchanged. There is right paratracheal thickening and bilateral hilar enlargement corresponding to lymphadenopathy and XXXX pulmonary arterial enlargement visualized on XXXX chest in XXXX. Radiographically, the findings are grossly stable.
741.xml, 2 images. Heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal. Mediastinal contour is unremarkable. No focal consolidation, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax identified. No acute bony changes.
2819.xml, The heart and lungs have XXXX XXXX in the interval. Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum unremarkable. No change in the mediastinal surgical clips.
2878.xml, The heart size is normal. The mediastinal contour is within normal limits. The lungs are free of any focal infiltrates. There are no nodules or masses. No visible pneumothorax. No visible pleural fluid. The XXXX are grossly normal. There is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm.
3242.xml, The heart and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal in size and contour. There is no focal air space opacity, pleural effusion, or pneumothorax. There are multilevel degenerative changes in the thoracic spine.
3739.xml, The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. No focal airspace disease. Left upper lobe granuloma. No evidence of active tuberculosis. Stable chronic blunting of the right costophrenic XXXX. No pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.
1176.xml, The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. .
158.xml, The heart is normal in size and contour. There is no mediastinal widening. The lungs are clear bilaterally. No large pleural effusion or pneumothorax. The XXXX are intact.
844.xml, No pleural effusion no pneumothorax. Normal cardiac contour. No focal consolidation. Lungs clear bilaterally.
2759.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance. No focal air is prominent consolidation. No pneumothorax. No large pleural effusion. Minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine with a mild wedge XXXX deformity of a midthoracic vertebral body. This is age-indeterminate.
364.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size. The lungs are clear of focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or pleural effusion. There are no acute bony findings.
369.xml, Borderline heart size. Worsening central vascular congestion interstitial edema. Small volume bilateral posterior recess pleural effusions. Elevated diaphragms.
328.xml, The heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits. The lungs are free of focal airspace disease. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen.
3203.xml, Cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits. The lungs are clear. Bony structures are intact.
2570.xml, There has been interval increase in size of the cardiac silhouette from XXXX. The cardiac fluid is now mildly enlarged. Pulmonary vasculature is increased with mildly increased interstitial markings and fissural thickening, suggesting mild pulmonary edema. There is no focal airspace disease, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. Descending thoracic aorta is tortuous. There are no acute bony findings.
1386.xml, The cardiac silhouette and upper mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pulmonary venous congestion. There is prominence of the pulmonary arteries, right greater than left. There is no acute air space infiltrate, pleural effusion or pneumothorax.
1451.xml, Left lower lobe calcified granuloma. Heart size normal. No pleural effusion or pneumothorax. Mild medial right atelectasis. Mild emphysema.
1004.xml, The heart, pulmonary XXXX and mediastinum are within normal limits. There is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax. There is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia. The aorta is tortuous and ectatic. There are degenerative changes of the acromioclavicular joints. There degenerative changes of the spine. There is an IVC XXXX identified.
3441.xml, Heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits. No focal airspace consolidation, pneumothorax, or large pleural effusion. No acute osseous abnormality.
1184.xml, The heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits. Low lung volumes on the AP view with bronchovascular crowding and bibasilar atelectasis. No focal airspace consolidation, pleural effusions or pneumothorax. No acute bony abnormalities.
2846.xml, XXXX XXXX opacities with elevated right hemidiaphragm and low lung volumes. Negative for effusion or pneumothorax. Cardiomegaly, stable. Left chest AICD leads in the right atrium and right ventricle unchanged.
119.xml, Frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette. Normal mediastinal contour, pulmonary XXXX and vasculature, central airways and lung volumes. No pleural effusion.
1466.xml, The heart is normal size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. There is no pleural effusion, pneumothorax, or focal airspace disease. The XXXX are unremarkable.
1881.xml, The cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour. Aortic atherosclerosis. No focal consolidation, pneumothorax or large pleural effusion. Negative for acute bone abnormality.
1931.xml, The heart is normal in size. The mediastinum is unremarkable. The lungs are clear.
2652.xml, XXXX XXXX and lateral chest examination was obtained. The heart silhouette and mediastinal contours are not enlarged. There is calcified mediastinal lymph XXXX. Lungs demonstrate no acute findings. There is no effusion or pneumothorax.
885.xml, Heart size, mediastinal contour, and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits. Postsurgical changes include left chest pacemaker/ICD with XXXX tips over the right atrium and right ventricle, sternotomy XXXX, and graft markers, and upper anterior mediastinal surgical clips. No focal consolidation, suspicious pulmonary opacity, large pleural effusion, or pneumothorax is identified. Specifically, no evidence of pneumonia. Visualized osseous structures appear intact.
391.xml, Low lung volumes. Heart size normal. No focal airspace consolidations. No pneumothorax or effusions.
1726.xml, Both lungs are clear and expanded. Heart and mediastinum normal.
51.xml, Heart size is normal and cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal. There are scattered calcified granulomas throughout both lung XXXX. Lungs are clear bilaterally otherwise. No bony or soft tissue abnormalities.
3820.xml, The lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality. Heart size upper limits of normal, pulmonary vascularity within normal limits. Straightening of the normal thoracic kyphosis. Levocurvature the lumbar spine, incompletely imaged.
1472.xml, Normal cardiac contour. Clear hyperexpanded lungs bilaterally with no pneumothorax or pleural effusion.
1924.xml, Rotated apical lordotic frontal projection, mild bronchovascular crowding and scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings. No definite focal alveolar consolidation or pleural effusion seen. Accounting for technical factors heart size XXXX within normal limits, heavily calcified and mildly tortuous aorta. No typical findings of pulmonary edema.
3258.xml, Normal heart size and mediastinal contours. The lungs are clear. There is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion. The XXXX are unremarkable.
